for a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. imagine a movie where joe piscopo is actually funny! maureen stapleton is a scene stealer. the moroni character is an absolute scream. watch for alan "the skipper" hale jr. as a police sgt.
a solid, if unremarkable film. matthau, as einstein, was wonderful. my favorite part, and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again, was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton, i loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for robbins to retrieve the birdie.
i saw the movie with two grown children. although it was not as clever as shrek, i thought it was rather good. in a movie theatre surrounded by children who were on spring break, there was not a sound so i know the children all liked it. there parents also seemed engaged. the death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments. hopefully people realize this movie was made for kids. as such, it was successful although i liked it too. personally i liked the scrat!!
you're using the imdb. you've given some hefty votes to some of your favourite films. it's something you enjoy doing. and it's all because of this. fifty seconds. one world ends, another begins. how can it not be given a ten? i wonder at those who give this a seven or an eight... exactly how could the first film ever made be better? for the record, the long, still opening shot is great showmanship, a superb innovation, perfectly suited to the situation. and the dog on the bike is a lovely touch. all this within fifty seconds. the word genius is often overused. this is genius.
this was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption. i loved the transformation of the brother and the repercussions of the horrible disease on the family. well-acted and well-directed. if there were any flaws, i'd have to say that the story showed the typical suburban family and their difficulties again. what about all people of all cultural backgrounds? i would love to see a movie where all of these cultures are shown - like in real life. nevertheless, the film soared in terms of its values and its understanding of the how a disease can bring someone closer to his or her maker. loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes
for a mature man, to admit that he shed a tear over this film is a mature response, to a mature film. if one need admit more then perhaps one could say that, "life" can never be the same, after viewing such advent for it has moved us to the next level.
when i rented this movie to watch it, i knew that it was not going to be a mindbender movie. instead i thought of it as a disbelief of reality where someone is going to get a serious beating. and you know what it worked. kurt russel did what i though was a remarkable role in showing the emotionless soldier that he was. i recommend this movie if your out with the boys and want to watch a good action film.
yes, this gets the full ten stars. it's plain as day that this fill is genius. the universe sent trent harris a young, wonderfully strange man one day and harris caught him on tape, in all that true misfit glory that you just can't fake. too bad it ended in tragedy for the young man, if only an alternate ending could be written for that fellow's story. the other two steps in the trilogy do retell the story, with sean penn and crispin glover in the roles of the young men, respectively. the world is expanded upon and the strangeness is contextualized by the retelling, giving us a broader glimpse into growing up weird in vanilla america. recommended for anyone and everyone!
hello. this movie is.......well.......okay. just kidding! its awesome! it's not a block buster smash hit. it's not meant to be. but its a big hit in my world. and my sisters. we are rockin' rollers. go ramones!!!! this is a great movie.............. for me!
this is a film that was very well done. i had heard mixed reviews while it was in production and have been waiting for its release! cheers to the director and all the actors. the supporting cast gave eva mendez what she needed to take this to the top. as everyone else here states, the latter portion of the film is riveting. katie cassidy did an amazing job with her character, being she had not done a lot of work when this film was made. she has quite the career ahead of her. i was amazed at her performance. i completely enjoyed the film, questioned my values in life and priorities, and am a better person for it! a great message lies within the film. release it so all can enjoy!
a typical romp through cheech and chong's reality which includes drugs, singing, more drugs, cars and driving, even more drugs, pee wee, aliens, gasoline, laundry, stand up comedy, surprisingly more drugs and space coke !!. it is not as coherent or plausible as up in smoke but it still is incredibly funny, without becoming as strange as nice dreams. there are some classic scenes, which include the opening scene where they get some gas for their car and the drive to work. also funny is cheech's song (mexican-americans) and chong's follow up song. another notable scene is the welfare office scene with jones (human noise machine), from the police academy series, and the old laughing man. all in all, this is a great follow up to up in smoke and is quite watchable when sober or not. -celluloid rehab
this is one of the first films i can remember, or maybe the first one. exactly the beautiful kind of film than introduce a kid, sweetly, into the world of violence and addictions were we live. a little bit of babe, casino and constantine, all this well mixed into a carton, and we get this. i don't know if its truly rated for kids, but i think it was very cool, very funny and interesting. i hate when a film (spescially a carton)can have a good end and its ruining because every character must have a happy end, even if it sounds weird (im not a bitter person).but this was ok, he simply goes heaven and they let it in that way. all this is just a critic, its a good movie an something new. very touching and i gotta go
pierce brosnan the newest but no longer james bond, is an assassin. he is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. greg kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man. now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. the story is excellent, the acting is top notch, and the humor is hilarious i never thought that pierce brosnan would be this funny, but he really is and i must say this movie is a must see.
this is one of those film's/pilot that if you knew battlestar galactica it helps, but isn't necessary. what makes this even more believable of a story than bsg is that this isn't something so far away in the future. this has such a depth to it that it is quite astonishing it was not released theatrically. the leads could not have been chosen better in such experienced & quite talented actors. eric stoltz is superb as the father who will do anything to be re-united w/his daughter however real or not she is & he'll do it no matter the cost. paula malcomson of "deadwood" fame is terrific as his wife as well. you are not sure completely of his motives whether it's love or money or both, but that is what makes this pilot even more intriguing. i see a star in the making of zoe played by the relative unknown alessandra torresani & her performance. esai morales is terrific in his desire to see his loved one again & just how wrong to be even considering what he wants more than his moral objections. i didn't think this would be a good idea when it was announced but from the pilot alone i am thrilled to see how we got to the bsg stage story. it's great to see adama as a child already being affected & influenced by the different sorts of robots starting to permeate life at this stage. i just hope that they can keep up the stories so we can figure out even more how they got the the humanoid typed robots. this is an almost perfect pilot & i hope they can keep up the fantastic storytelling. even the visual effects are better than most of the garbage you see on the big screen. if you haven't gotten into bsg, @ least try this & i'll bet you become a fan & will want to see how the bsg story came to be.
i was probably one of the few australians not watching the tennis when this series aired. i have to say when william mcinnes first appeared i though, that is one crappy actor! but as the series continued he toned down his performance and i totally loved him. he was such a rotten guy but he did make me laugh. i watched the show to see hugo speers (heart and bones, the full monty) and tom long (seachange, two hands). it was interesting to see speers play a nice, quiet man and even more interesting to watch tom longs' rippling muscles! sigh... seriously, long's performance was a total shock and really brilliant. he stole the show. martin sacks was good also in a small role, and the leading actress put in an entertaining performance. i'd recommend this programme if you enjoy stories with a twist and watching tom long walk around with no shirt on...
this movie didn't really surprise me, as such, it just got better and better. i thought: "paul rieser wrote this, huh? well...we'll see how he does..." then i saw peter falk was in it. i appreciate colombo. even though i was never a big fan of the show, i've always liked watching peter falk. the performances of peter and paul were so natural that i felt like a fly on the wall. they played off of each other so well that i practically felt giddy with enjoyment! ...and i hadn't even been drinking! this movie was so well done that i wanted to get right on the phone to paul and let him know how much i enjoyed it! but i couldn't find his number. must be unlisted or something. this was one of those movies that i had no idea what it was going to be about or who was in it or anything. it just came on and i thought:"eh, why not? let's see. if i don't like it - i don't have to watch it..." ...and i ended up just loving it!
one of the most nihilistic and brutal films i've ever seen, but also one of the most tragic and moving ones. this is an action-melodrama like the world has never seen it before. sometimes the plot got me close to tears, while in the next moment delivering shocking revelations like a bone-crunching blow to the guts. chilling performance by edison chen. the story of a hk-cop and a cambodian killer hunting each other down, while bit by bit losing their humanity, is a strong one. featuring very little dialog in favor of haunting imagery and gritty camera-work, "dog bite dog" is pure hk-bloodshed without the heroism.
one of the best love stories i have ever seen. it is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but lovely nonetheless... big edie and little edie seem a bit like family members after watching this movie repeatedly, and are infinitely quotable: "it's a goddamned beautiful day, now will you just shut up?" the opening explanation of little edie's costume only promises that the movie will live on forever, and so will big edie "the world famous singer" and little edie " the world famous dancer."
mesmerizing, breathtaking and horrifying, this hauntingly beautiful film is the "apocalypse now" without fiction. slow in pace, quiet in mood, it gives good glimpses of the poisoned patches of earth that may well be signs of an inevitable doom. there is no doubt in my mind -- the nature is plagued and we are the disease. greed, the very essence of humanity that drives evolution and progress, has turned us into something like cancer, on its way to consume the host and die with it... manufactured landscapes is quite an unforgettable viewing experience - at least i'll never regard my toaster and iron the same way again.
at first glance, it would seem natural to compare where the sidewalk ends with laura. both have noirish qualities, both were directed by otto preminger, and both star dana andrews and gene tierney. but that's where most of the comparisons end. laura dealt with posh, sophisticated people with means who just happen to find themselves mixed-up in a murder. where the sidewalk ends is set in a completely different strata. these are people with barely two nickels to rub together who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society than going to fancy dress parties. where the sidewalk ends is a gritty film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or some other weapon. small-time hoods are a dime-a-dozen and cops routinely beat confessions out of the crooks. getting caught-up in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing. while i haven't seen his entire body of work, based on what i have seen, dana andrews gives one of his best performances as the beat-down cop, det. sgt. mark dixon. he's the kind of cop who is used to roughing up the local hoods if it gets him information or a confession. one night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. he does his best to cover it up. but things get complicated when he falls for the dead man's wife, morgan taylor (tierney), whose father becomes suspect number one in the murder case. as morgan's father means the world to her, dixon's got to do what he can to clear the old man without implicating himself. technically, where the sidewalk ends is outstanding. besides the terrific performance from andrews, the movie features the always delightful tierney. she has a quality that can make even the bleakest of moments seem brighter. the rest of the cast is just as solid with tom tully as the wrongly accused father being a real standout. beyond the acting, the direction, sets, lighting, and cinematography are all top-notch. overall, it's an amazingly well made film. if i have one complaint (and admittedly it's a very, very minor quibble) it's that tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surroundings. it's a little difficult to believe that a woman like that could find herself mixed-up with some of these unsavory characters. it's not really her fault, it's just the way tierney comes across. she seems a little too beautiful, polished, and delicate for the part. but, her gentle, kind, trusting nature add a sense of needed realism to her portrayal.
the premise of the story is simple: an old man living alone in the woods accidentally stumble upon a murder of a small child, and tries to convince the police that the murder has occurred. though very little dialog is provided throughout the film, the visual narrative told by the camera's eye alone made the film quite engaging. the setting of the gray woods conveys a feeling of loneliness, which complements the quietness of the characters themselves. we can also sense helplessness in the old man's inability to convince the police of the murder, which parallels the silenced child's inability to tell her own story. true horror lies in feelings of hopelessness, helplessness, and irrationality. this film successfully addresses these elements by visuals alone, rather than relying on cheap sound effects or blood and gore that other bad horror films use when the narrative is weak. cleverly, the story unfolds at a slow pace to build up tension for a few creepy and startling moments. the ending is also unexpected and believable. reminiscent of japanese horror films, such as "the ring," and "dark water," or english horror films, such as "lady in black," and "the innocents," this film provides viewers the experience of true atmosphere horror. i recommend anyone who enjoys a good chilling to the bone scare to give this film a try. by the way, if you haven't seen the films i just mentioned above, you might want to give them a try as well.
i saw this film a while back and it's still at the top of my 'favorite movies' list. it is amazingly put together and what really makes the film are the detailed tid bits (such as the 'cafe bustelo' coffee crate being reused as a cup to wash her grandsons hair) that people aren't seeing because you will not understand this movie unless you are hispanic. this is just one of those films that is very culturally specific and particular. please do not bash this film if you have no prior knowledge of what foundation it's being built upon. i completely see what the writer/director was going for, and he hit the target perfectly! this film is highly deserving of a better rating.
this independent film was one of the best films at the tall grass film festival that i have ever seen there i loved it there are so many things that was great about the film on top of all that the cast and crew that i had the opportunity to meet were absolutely phenomenal.i thought that avi did a great job in his role. and ricky ullman was absolutely true to his role for a disney actor i was amazed at his talent to be able to go from cheesy teen comedy to such an adult role with no problems the talent in the film was just amazing the cinematography was just great if you want to see an independent film this is one really that you should see.i think that mr gruver would have been so proud to have such a submission in his festival and his parents loved the movie so much when it won the audience favorite they went and saw it again. this truly was a great film it was dark and funny and sad and truly emotional it was just fabulous. i am honestly just so enthused by this film and i really don't want to spoil it for any one just see it and truly be amazed at it i think that these film makers really have what it takes to go places and i hope to see more work from them in the future.
halfway through lajos koltai's "evening," a woman on her deathbed asks a figure appearing in her hallucination: "can you tell me where my life went?" the line could be embarrassingly theatrical, but the woman speaking it is vanessa redgrave, delivering it with utter simplicity, and the question tears your heart out. time and again, the film based on susan minot's novel skirts sentimentality and ordinariness, it holds attention, offers admirable performances, and engenders emotional involvement as few recent movies have. with only six months of the year gone, there are now two memorable, meaningful, worthwhile films in theaters, the other, of course, being sara polley's "away from her." hollywood might have turned "evening" into a slick celebrity vehicle with its two pairs of real-life mothers and daughters - vanessa redgrave and natasha richardson, and meryl streep and mamie gummer. richardson is redgrave's daughter in the film (with a sister played by tony collette), and gummer plays streep's younger self, while redgrave's youthful incarnation is claire danes. add glenn close, eileen atkins, hugh dancy, patrick wilson, and a large cast - yes, it could have turned into a multiple star platform. instead, koltai - the brilliant hungarian cinematographer of "mephisto," and director of "fateless" - created a subtle ensemble work with a "continental feel," the story taking place in a high-society newport environment, in the days leading up to a wedding that is fraught with trouble. missed connections, wrong choices, and dutiful compliance with social and family pressures present quite a soap opera, but the quality of the writing, koltai's direction, and selfless acting raise "evening" way above that level, into the the rarified air of english, french (and a few american) family sagas from a century before its contemporary setting. complex relationships between mothers and daughters, between friends and lovers, with the addition of a difficult triangle all come across clearly, understandably, captivatingly. individual tunes are woven into a symphony. and yet, with the all the foregoing emphasis on ensemble and selfless performances, the stars of "evening" still shine through, redgrave, richardson, gummer (an exciting new discovery, looking vaguely like her mother, but a very different actress), danes carrying most of the load - until streep shows up in the final moments and, of course, steals the show. dancy and wilson are well worth the price of admission too. as with "away from her," "evening" stays with you at length, inviting a re-thinking its story and characters, and re-experiencing the emotions it raises. at two hours, the film runs a bit long, but the way it stays with you thereafter is welcome among the many movies that go cold long before your popcorn.
this is a comedy of morals, so occasionally a gentle touch of bitterness occurs, but a lightness soften all sarcasm and irony flows till all of a sudden one moment will halt your heart and changes everything. this film, marvelously written and directed, is a gem that shines perfectly, with beautiful acting by all. jean-louis trintignant is exquisite as usual, and romy schneider is a pearl, perfect and glowing, that is not to be missed. a truly wonderful film !!
this film seems to be well remembered as the time tom & jerry signed a peace treaty. things are idyllic for a time but, predictably, it goes sour. probably the most memorable moment was the endless fight involving a pipe, a frying pan, and a baseball bat that the two plus butch the dog engage in at the beginning and end of the short. i enjoyed one a bunch and you should try to catch it on cartoon network.
i wasn't sure when i heard about this coming out. i was thinking how dumb is disney getting. i was wrong. i found it to be very good. i mean it's not the lion king but it's cool to see another side from a certain point. it was very funny. also it wasn't one of those corny disney sequels were the animation sucks, it was just like the lion king animation. the only thing that eritated me was the whole movie theater thing through out the movie. not to give anything way but you'll know what i am talking about. i also fun that it was cool to have most of the cast from the original to return. it was a very good movie over all.
man on fire tells a story of an ex-special forces guy with a drinking problem who accepts a job as a personal bodyguard of a little girl in mexico during the wave of kidnappings for ransom. at first he's not to friendly, but then they befriend with each other, he decides to stop drinking etc., etc... then one day she gets kidnapped... and killed... and he, won't stop at anything to get the revenge. that's basically the story of man on fire but expect some big twists at least a few times including the ending which is beautiful and will probably make you cry. that's also because of the great music harry-gregson williams with lisa gerrard (gladiator) composed. but the strongest part of the movie... wait... the thing is, everything here is perfect. first - acting. denzel washington is at his best, mickey rourke and christopher walken good as always, great radtha mitchell and amazing young dakota fanning. and that's not the end of the list... then come the cinematography which is dazzling and along with superb editing, should have won an oscar for sure. the story is... not just a revenge movie. the story is intelligent, the story makes you think... and is pure beautiful. really. this is one of those movies you need to see in your lifetime, at least once!
house of games has a strong story where obsession and illusion play a big part. a psychologist offers to help a patient with his gambling debts and gets caught at the game. have you ever felt fascination for something that was both dangerous and wrong? watch what happens if you pursue this urge and go all the way. sit on the edge of your chair as tricksters are being tricked and victims turn into perpetrators. you're never sure of who is exactly who in this movie. this is both a quality and a drawback of the script. as the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency. but all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development. this is definitely one of the best movies about gambling.
a very strange and compelling movie. it's about a very awkward and tightly wound man who attempts to navigate his life as a door-to-door fundraiser/salesman. the director was able to capture a very unnerving tone that really served the story well. original and unsettling while also finding a great deal of humor in the pain that accompanies life. there is a sequence at a testing facility that really stood out and made me laugh out loud which is not something i do as frequently as i should. one of the more memorable films i've seen in a long while. hasn't left my mind and i look forward to future efforts by bronstein. fantastic performances all around. the simple line "i really appreciate it." is now iconic to me.
enjoyed the movie and efficient confucian crime drama, the old order survives the threat posed by a brash young greedy man, no doubt representing modern society. i thought the final scene was strange and could not understand if we were to believe that big d was being punished for being greedy or it was part of the plan a long. i loved the scene and for once in a chinese movie, the violence was not a choreographed martial arts fest. on thing that always amuses me about hk films is that the main influence the british seem to have had is to introduce 'yes sir' and 'sorry' into the local language and its amusing that long after we have gone, they are still there.
one night i stumbled upon this on the satellite station bravo.initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it.to be perfectly honest i wasn't disappointed.the main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well.you would think her talents would be wasted as a executioner but apparently not after watching the whole film!my only real gripe is the acting of the supporting cast particularly the actor who plays melnik.christ its bad!the prison guard hank is woeful too.all he ever does is get drunk and make ill attempted passes at his co-guard wanda though fortunately for us the viewer and for hank he gets down and dirty with wanda near the end. the music used is pretty tense and creates the perfect atmosphere for the executions. this movie is well watching alone for the beautiful,talented and very sexy jennifer thomas
the film maybe goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. it's not a bad movie; it's actually pretty good. if you don't like the show, don't see the movie. it starts off a little slow maybe, but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny. there are even a few "heart-wrenching" scenes toward the end. after all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you. also jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. he's got a pretty good point. we care so much about the private details of celebrities lives, so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national tv, too. if they were celebrities we wouldn't mind at all, we'd eat it up. do we not like his guest doing this just because they're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a "leave it to beaver" world?
i happened upon this film by accident, and really enjoyed. timothy busfield's character is without redeeming qualities, and at one point, busfield and star meloni ogle women as they pass by...meloni's take on the parade is different from busfield's. janel maloney is terrific...she looks very much like tea leone, but the major difference here is that janel can actually act. some very nice things in this film and well worth your attention when it's on cable.
i saw the film twice in the space of one week, both times the at a cinema in orpington, kent, uk. the place was packed both times and people had to be turned away. from the start of the film with henry winkler getting 'injured' on the football field the whole audience was in uproar with laughter, laughter that lasted until the credits. for those who love american wrestling this film is a must, but be ready to see henry winkler as you have never seen him before. also look out for a very well known actor whose trademark wrestling move is a head-but! if you get a chance watch this movie and it is family comedy entertainment at its best!
this is not "so bad that it is good," it is purely good! for those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four year old (in response to a certain comment...) anyways, killer tomatoes eat france is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. it is the single most genius text in cinematic history. i have it and the three prequels sitting on my dvd rack next to herzog and kurosawa. it embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. i write scripts and this movie single-handedly opened up a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen. it can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now i'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. my comment ended a while ago. hopefully it works when i submit it now.
this movie was the best movie i have ever seen. being lds i highly recommend this movie because you are able to feel a more understanding about the life of joseph smith. although the movie was not made with highly acclaimed actors it is a remarkable and life changing movie that can be enjoyed and appreciated by everyone. i saw this movie with my family and i can bear witness that we have all had a change of heart. this movie allows people to really understand how hard the life was for the prophet and how much tribulation he was faced with. after i saw this movie,there was not a single dry eye in the entire room. everyone was touched by what they saw and i have not been the same since i have seen it. i highly recommend this movie for everyone.
sure, it was cheesy and nonsensical and at times corny, but at least the filmmakers didn't try. while most tv movies border on the brink of mediocrity, this film actually has some redeeming qualities to it. the cinematography was pretty good for a tv film, and viggo mortensen displays shades of aragorn in a film about a man who played by his own rules. most of the flashback sequences were kind of cheesy, but the scene with the mountain lion was intense. i was kind of annoyed by jason priestly's role in the film as a rebellious shock-jock, but then again, it's a tv movie! despite all of the good things, the soundtrack was atrocious. however, it was nice to see tucson, arizona prominently featured in the film.
for a movie with a plot like this i would normally smell "tearjerker" in the first ten minutes and turn it off, but this was very well made, with emotional subtleties, great acting, and some genuinely funny moments. it was also interesting to see a different culture - a vanishing one at that. my wife and i both dug it!
a meteor drops from the sky and reawakens a plesiosaur that long ago used to terrorize the area around crater lake . as the monster eats the locals they try and find away of killing the monster. recent attempts at sending up old horror and science fiction films like lost skeleton of cadavra and alien trespass are kind of rendered moot when you have films like crater lake monster available for screening. it's the sort of film that those films spoof and send up only this is the real deal. its everything those films try to be only with out the tongue in cheek and its so much more fun because of it. this is a real drive-in sort of film that had the unfortunate luck of coming just as star wars changed the way we look at special effects. the monster, a mix of stop motion and a life size head, is a charmingly quaint little beast. the filmmakers spoil the audience with frequent shots of the monster and its mayhem. sure its clear that its all fake, but isn't movies about suspension of disbelief? actually i think its about really cool monsters, which this has. i like this movie in a low budget drive in sort of a way. if you want a real authentic drive in monster movie look no farther. this would be perfect for a double or triple feature with similar lake monster films (boggy creek etc.)
a famous orchestra conductor, daniel dareus, suffers what appears a heart attack as he finished conducting a concert. suddenly, we watch him as he arrives in the small town that he has left years before. since he left so young, and having his name changed contributes to give him a new persona. he has bought the old school building where he plans to stay. the building needs a lot of work. one would expect a man in his position to have all the comforts of the world he left behind to be installed in his new abode, but no, daniel puts up with the harsh winter in his own way. the local pastor, stig, whose church has a small choir, comes calling to see if he can interest daniel in helping, but the conductor has no desire to go back to music. daniel begins to explore his new universe. the town's people leave him alone. he makes an impression on lena, who works in the local store where he goes to get his food supplies. little by little, he comes around and decides to involve himself with the choir. lena will ultimately fall in love with daniel. at first, the relationship between daniel and the choir members is not exactly what he expected. as they get to know him better, they come around to accept him and make him one of them. his new position doesn't endear him to the woman who used to be in charge. the members of the choir are a motley crew, but they realize the change daniel has made in the way they interpret different songs. the new piece composed for gabriella, a battered wife, makes a great impact in her life and that of her fellow singers. daniel's ideas for the repertoire clash with stig's own. the vicar suddenly begins seeing daniel in a new light; he is a tormented man who likes to read pornographic magazines before making love to his wife, siv. his ideas clash with the dogma, as siv points to him. stig decides to try to put a stop to what he considers an unhealthy influence of daniel by firing him as the head of the choir. the choir, which has been invited to participate in a competition travels to austria. daniel, who by now has fallen totally for lena, has a chance to show for the first time in his life his feelings for her when she starts to gets doubts about their relationship. daniel who is late for his own concert, gets to hear them making extraordinary music even though he is not in among them. kay pollak, the director of this enormously appealing film, shows he was the man to direct it. the story involves the viewer from the start. great part of the success of the movie goes to the ensemble cast that was put together. william nykvist, who plays the leading role is the best excuse for watching the film. frida hallgren, niklas falk, ylva loof, do excellent work for mr. pollak. stefan nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one hears. harald gunnar paalgard's cinematography makes the film look better capturing different seasons for the viewer in their beauty.
this movie is bufoonery! and i loved it! the "dragon lord" (jacky chan) and his buddy, "cowboy", totally made the movie fun, meaningful, and just plain silly. the movie is a rare blend of a good vs. evil fight and (somehow) the wonders and fun that is growing up. long shao ye takes the viewer through the daily activities of the young "dragon lord" (so named because he is the son of a wealthy family) and "cowboy", which include implementing clever, elaborate ways to escape studying (with the help of the entire household, including the tutor), competing in rather boyish (and idiotically interesting) ways to gain the affection of a local girl, competing in "soccer" (you will see what i mean) and the list goes on. somehow they find themselves in the midst of a fight to save the a shipment of valuable antiques and the lives of several people. the movie has its serious moments. but they do not depress, but rather inspire. the playfulness of the boys are not lost in this exchange, but is actually employed against evil. what i really loved about this movie is how it ends. not the typical confrontation (which in itself was awesome), but well, you'll see. let me just say it truly captures the spirit of the movie. silly, witty, meaningful, and nostalgic. great movie.
this is definitely one of jet's best efforts. few actors are able to play the stoic as jet li can. the action is rapid-fire, and special-effects boosted for intensity purposes. as a result, it may take americans a little off-guard. a little suspension of disbelief goes a long way in a jet li film. i feel that it is an excellent introduction to jet's work and look forward to further masterpieces (especially fist of legend) making it into the us market. a nice mixture of gunplay and physical conflict will satisfy most action flick enthusiasts.
this was one of the highlights of st:tng's semi-forgettable second season, before they 'grew up' or grew into their own in the third season and beyond. this was not only a showcase for up-and-comers like bill campbell and teri hatcher, but was also the continuation of data's search for his 'humanity', this time through the concept of comedy. still one of my favorite episodes. on a side-note, i'm still disappointed that there is no credit for the actress with whose character okona was about to have a tryst(after teri hatcher's character) before being rudely interrupted by lt worf. i remember watching this episode 'first-run' at my friends comic shop back in the day and we all thought she would've been a perfect jean grey/marvel girl. it would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is...
claire denis has demonstrated repeatedly that film does not need to tell a story, that it is sufficient to create an experience that allows the viewer to take the ingredients and make of them what they will. ostensibly the idea within the framework of a most non-linear film is the older man living on the french-swiss border, a man devoted to his dogs, who still has a lover, but whose cardiac status increasingly threatens his life. he has a son with a little family who infrequently meet with him, but when he discovers he is in need of a heart transplant he opts for going to tahiti via japan to obtain a heart transplant on the black market and to rekindle a long lost relationship with a son he had form a tahitian women years ago. what denis does with this outline of a story is use her camera to explore the loneliness of the soul, the vastness of nature, man's interaction with people vs animals, etc. much of the time the 'film' doesn't make sense, but that is because we try too hard to connect all the dots laid out before us in beautiful pictures. life is sort of like that: we look, see, observe, integrate, process, and make of it what we will. in using this form of film making (much as she did in the strangely beautiful 'beau travail') claire denis has developed a signature technique. whether or not the viewer finds the finished product rewarding has much to do with our individual methods of processing visual and conceptual information. this is an interesting and visually captivating film, but many viewers will find it an overly long discourse about very little. perhaps watching again will change that. grady harp
as if most people didn't already have a jittery outlook on the field of dentistry, this little movie will sure make you paranoid patients squirm. a successful dental hygienist witnesses his wife going down on the pool man (on their anniversary of all days!) and snaps big time into a furious breakdown. after shooting an attack dog's head off, he strolls into work and ends up taking his marital aggression out on the patients as he plans what to do about his "slut" of a wife. there are plenty of up-close shots of mouth-jabbing, tongue-cutting, and beauty queen fondling, as well as a marvelously deranged performance by corbin bernsen. the scene in which he ties up and gases his wife before mercilessly yanking her teeth out is definitely hard to watch. a dentist is absolutely the wrong kind of person to go off the deep end and this movie sure explains that in detail. "the dentist" is incredibly entertaining, fast-paced, and laughably gory at times. check it out!
what a loss the passing of director emile ardolino was! he could take a light script and, with the right casting and editing, put a twinkle in it and make it shine like a star. this particular star may not be the brightest in the sky as great romances go, but it is definitely one that keeps you tuned in to the end. you really want to know how things are going to work out. the script is perfect for cybill shepherd, who at the time needed to capitalize on her "moonlighting" success for the new generation who was (fortunately for her) probably unaware of how many big screen major duds she had after a very promising start. in this film she's every bit back in form as a still-pining widow living vicariously through her daughter (mary stuart masterson on the cusp of stardom which would peak with "fried green tomatoes" two years later). she may have looked too young for the role, but that works well for the way the story unfolds. this is her film, but she doesn't overstep her bounds as a lead. shepherd graciously allows robert downey jr. to carry much of the film and shows a more mature comic flair than he had in his previous films to that point. and there's ample support from ryan o'neal (in his best role in years) and christopher macdonald. masterson's natural charm pretty much coasts on its own, either that or she has a way of making her character seem like a breath of fresh air with every word. ardolino makes good use of his cast's sex appeal the same way he did with "dirty dancing", but this film is not quite as sizzling so you could still watch it with your parents if they happened to be in the room. (use your best judgment, they're your parents after all.) i give this film a high mark because it is very user friendly, romantic comedy enthusiasts will find it sublime, and those who are just watching along with them should find plenty of humor to enjoy as well. again, credit goes to emile ardolino for making the most of a charming script by randy and perry howze. (where are they now?) ardolino's next film would be the phoned-in sequel to "three men and a baby" but his final theatrical release (sister act) would finally give him the nine-figure-grossing smash hit he deserved. mr. ardolino, your cinematic touch is missed!
i thought this move was very good. there were a few things that were less than perfect, but overall, i was quite surprised. the courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic, but was real enough to be entertaining. i found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. being a military pilot i could relate to many of these parts.
i thought this movie was really really great! helena did an amazing job in it! i thought she played her character very well! she's an awesome actress!! :) the movie was also really funny too! the jokes were great! i couldnt stop laughing! :) i think everyone should see it... :)
this is a quirky little movie, and i have to agree that there is some quirky acting in it as well. it follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous las vegas illusionist, and is partly about following his dream, partly about the dreams of others, and all about the travails of showbiz. i thought the movie was charming, and it has a moment or two of real magic that make the whole thing worthwhile. alan arkin is terrific as the magician who never was, and his mentoring of max makes for a funny and touching relationship. not for everyone, probably, but if you like movies about the journey, then i think you'll like this one.
as i am no fan of almost any post-"desperate living" john waters films, i warmed to "pecker". after he emerged from the underground, waters produced trash-lite versions of his earlier works ("cry baby", "polyester", hairspray") that to die-hard fans looked and tasted like watered down liqueur. "pecker", which doesn't attempt to regurgitate early successes, is a slight, quiet, humble commentary on the vagaries of celebrity and the pretentiousness of the art world. waters clearly knows this subject well because he has also exhibited and sold (at ridiculous prices) some of the most amateurish pop art ever created that you couldn't imagine anyone being able to give away if it wasn't emblazoned with the waters "name". edward furlong is fine as "pecker" and waters' non-histrionic style is at ease with the subject.
this was a superb episode, one of the best of both seasons. down right horror for a change, with a story that is way way above the average moh episodes, if there is such a thing. a man's wife is almost burned to death in a tragic car wreck, in which he was driving. his airbag worked, her's didn't. she is burned beyond recognition (great makeup btw), and not given much of a chance to live without a full skin graft. but, even in a coma, she keeps dying but brought back by modern technology, and when she does die for a few minutes, her ghost appears as a very vengeful spirit. carnage of course ensues, and also some extremely gory killings, and also, some extremely sexy scenes. what more could you ask for, you might ask? well, not much, because this baby has it all, and a very satirical ending, that should leave a smile on most viewers faces. i just loved rob schmidt's (wrong turn) direction too, he has a great knack for horror. excellent episode, this is one i'm buying for sure.
cute film about three lively sisters from switzerland (often seen running about in matching outfits) who want to get their parents back together (seems mom is still carrying the torch for dad) - so they sail off to new york to stop the dad from marrying a blonde gold-digger he calls "precious". dad hasn't seen his daughters in ten years, they (oddly enough) don't seem to mind and think he's wonderful, and meanwhile precious seems to lead a life mainly run by her overbearing mother (alice brady), a woman who just wants to see to it her daughter marries a rich man. the sisters get the idea of pushing precious into the path of a drunken hungarian count, tricking the two gold-digging women into thinking he is one of the richest men in europe. but a case of mistaken identity makes the girls think the count is good-looking ray milland, who goes along with the scheme 'cause he has a crush on sister kay. this film is enjoyable, light fare. barbara read as kay comes across as sweet and pretty, ray milland looks oh so young and handsome here (though, unfortunately, is given little to do), alice brady is quite good as the scheming mother - but it is deanna durbin, a real charmer and cute as a button playing youngest sister penny, who pretty much steals the show. with absolutely beautiful vocals, she sings several songs throughout the film, though i actually would have liked to have seen them feature her even more in this. the plot in this film is a bit silly, but nevertheless, i found the film to be entertaining and fun.
the dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. joel schumacher's 'tigerland' follows the standard template, we see men treated like dirt but emerging as soldiers, with a degree of mutual respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, vietnam). but 'tigerland' has an interesting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named bozz (played outstandingly well by colin farrell), who understands that all power governs ultimately by consent, and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. around this character, a taught, gripping plot has been constructed, and it's also a plus that the action never leaves america (whereas stanley kubrick's 'full metal jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, lost focus once the action shifted to asia). although this is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely well done and captivating viewing throughout: the best film from this director that i've seen, and among the very best of its genre.
a real classic. a shipload of sailors trying to get to the towns daughters while their fathers go to extremes to deter the sailors attempts. a maidens cry for aid results in the dispatch of the "rape squad". a cult film waiting to happen!
the wonderfully urbane ronald coleman is show-cased here as in few other of his films. he is literally in every scene and this comical movie remains fresh because of him, not in spite of him. he is handsome, witty and very clever here as he remains a step ahead of his wandering, lovely wife--played perfectly by anna lee. the movie is based on a french play and brings all the best qualities of that farce. most of the supporting cast is well known, at least by face if not name...and are absolutely perfect for this very funny film. the fantastic mr. coleman is a combination of sean connery and clark gable as he stays a step ahead of the other characters. his multi-talents can be further appreciated in the classic "lost horizon" which every film buff must see.
both visually and musically stunning. a treat for both the eye and the ear. the quintessential victorian element of the opening sequences were completely enchanting, helping to create a christmas scene of which dickens himself would have been justifiably proud. technically the production is visually stimulating and the special effects are both imaginatively devised and creatively achieved in a traditional stage setting. the dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good. the photography and lighting are first class and the sound recording admirably matches the overall high level of technical skills employed. a great film for all the family at christmas time and a most delightful discovery which will withstand multiple viewing.
those who love elivra as i did in her late night movie hostess duties will love this movie - she is just plain cool - her car is great, and she is a bit of a transylvanian dolly parton - she is so innocent and naive at times - and sexy all of the time - plus, more than a touch of mae west - the sets are well done as well, and the comic cast is great, with edie mcclurg at her usual best - plus sally kellerman as patty is hilarious. any time i have to crunch something for a topping, i will think of how elvira crunches the potato chips - this movie is one to be watched again and again - just for the fun of it. now i have to get the sequel to it, elvira's haunted hills, and see if it lives up to this one ----
'holes' was a great movie. disney made the right choice. every person who i have talked to about it said they loved it. everyone casted was fit for the part they had, and shia labeouf really has a future with acting. sigourney weaver was perfect for the warden, she was exactly how i imagined her. everyone who hasn't seen it i recommend it and i guarantee you will 'dig it'.
shamefully, before i saw this film, i was unfamiliar with helena bonham carter. i had to do some research, in order to assure myself she wasn't actually afflicted, as was her character, with (well?), what she was afflicted with. i was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady. she pulled it of flawlessly. who would have thought that sexually explicit circumstances involving the final wants, and needs, of a unique young lady, could be interpreted as tender, and romantic? well, they can be, when the right performers present them in the proper manner, as they did in this wonderful movie. i forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful miss carter looked in this movie. i have often said she was the most beautiful creature to have ever graced the face of our earth, but she seemed to have out done herself in this particular movie. i hope any of you who watch this movie enjoy it as much as i did. thank you for letting me express my opinion.
the creators of south park in their own film here, this is a brilliant film with a huge entertainment factor. if you like naked gun films and are not young and not too mature or serious on your humor, you'll love this.
even if you know absolutely nothing about ireland, you have to love "my left foot" (and especially daniel day-lewis' performance in it). he plays cerebral palsy-afflicted christy brown. due to this, he has spent most of his life ostracized. even when trying to warn people about something, they just laugh at him. the light in the darkness for him is that he has control over one body part: his left foot. he uses that appendage to paint and write poetry, bringing him to prominence. daniel day-lewis and director jim sheridan did very well on this collaboration, and also on a later collaboration: "in the name of the father" (but "the boxer" was unnecessary). "my left foot" can make you feel many ways: sad, hopeful, or something else. but in any case, daniel day-lewis gave the performance of a lifetime here. a great movie in every sense.
james stewart and margaret sullavan play co-workers in a budapest gift shop who don't really like each other, not knowing they're really sweetheart pen pals who have yet to meet. a very charming romantic comedy, very engagingly played by it's two likable stars and a very eager-to-please supporting cast. the story is well written and the film has that romantic innocence (don't quite know how to explain it) that films today just don't have. this can obviously be compared to the recent you've got mail, and the original wins in every way. this is mandatory viewing each christmas, i can't think of a better way to jumpstart a christmas feel than this little gem.
finally, the uncut version of "baby face" surfaces and from what source? the library of congress. the restored four minutes, snippets here and there, make for a much better film. we now know that baby face was pimped by her old man from the time she was at least fourteen years of age. another reason d'tat for her behavior and cold, calculating exterior. barbara stanwyck is indeed amazing in the role of lily powers (notice the moniker), a part that called for just the right amount of sexuality coated with power, cunning, and revenge, yet tinged with virginal pretense when called for, a very difficult portrayal to make convincing. barbara stanwyck conveys the necessary nuances to show that though she sleeps her way to the top (literally), she still has good in her heart--note the way she treats those few who have been kind to her such as chico (the marvelous actress theresa harris) and the old philosopher. and though she exploits her sexuality to make mush of men who are rich and powerful, those same men are attempting to exploit her for their carnal desires with no intention of permanent ties until they fall in love with her. lily powers fails to understand, at first, that emotions are difficult to ride, that it's easy to lose control. one possible result is death. hitching a wagon to a star of course materialism can take one to a destination where nothing else exists but the ephemeral, and it's a cold lonely location. a word should be said about the philosophy of friedrich nietzsche whose will to power is stressed in "baby face" by the elderly philosopher who befriends lilly when she is still turning tricks for her old man. "baby face" was released the same year adolf hitler came to power in germany. though it's highly unlikely that the semi-literate hitler understood much about nietzsche, he considered himself a nietzschean to the nth degree and touted it along side his other rantings. "baby face" serves as an indictment of the popular interpretation of nietzsche's will to power concept, especially in the final scenes. although "you've got the cutest little baby face." is apropos as a theme for "baby face," an even more telling and applicable melody is w. c. handy's "st. louis blues" played throughout the film, especially at times when the camera has to drift away from what would otherwise be sexually explicit scenes. "st. louis blues" is also used wisely toward the end as lily begins to see beyond materialism to eternal values. chico is singing a raw, salacious version of "st. louis blues" when lily, now disagreeing with the lyrics, orders her to stop. the restored version of "baby face" makes the film more modern in its approach and attitude toward sex as power than many a new hollywood release. by all means watch this gem from the distant past and enjoy.
i was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time. the frisbee flying saucer was naff beyond comprehension, especially when landing, yet the specially effects when the krell attacked were awesome for a film that was made over half a century ago! living in the middle east i saw shades of islam creep in when jj adams suggested alta should dress more modestly, and as an engineer, was amazed by the imagination used for the 'futuristic' gadgets, and gizmos dreamed up by the props department. all in all, an entertaining hour and a half, my first time seeing walter pidgeon and a chance to see leslie neilsen as a 'young' man
one of the less widely lauded of recent asian period action affairs gojoe is an at first slow and often curious but overall pretty terrific offering, exciting, layered and beautiful. i'm sad to say i know virtually nothing of the buddhist philosophy or japanese history and legend that surrounds this film so its deeper meanings are lost on me, but even without contextual knowledge this is still rich fare, taking a traditional fantasy structure into a, impactful higher plane. the story is of benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of gojoe bridge: prince shanao, himself a mortal seeker after his own higher plane but this time the power of demons. thus the film becomes a matter of illusions and in benkei's case, indecision, a conflict in which the real goal is self knowledge, for benkei to come to terms with his true nature and for prince shanao to come face to face with the nature of what he seeks to become. benkei is even more hampered here by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odds with the world, even when not in open conflict he is never at ease. director sogo ishii handles this one as an epic, with measured pace, camera work always stylish and often frenzied, without neglecting the need for more sedate moments to let the location sink in, there is also great use of lighting and fog to give an ethereal atmosphere, there is an air of fantasy to much of the film but outside of the overtly supernatural moments it is a down and dirty fantasy with more period fell than flights of fancy. the cinematography of makoto watanbe is important here, vivid and detailed, a richly evocative affair. actingwise daisuke ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery as benkei, while tadanobu asano has a driven, cold arrogance as prince shanao. of the leads masatoshi nagase rounds things out as an ordinary man, smart and cynical but still unaware of just exactly what the stakes are. the film all fits together well, it is however a touch flabby at times, it begins slowly, some shots are a little drawn out and the epic fight scenes at times go on longer than strictly necessary. as for the fighting it is filmed frenetic rather than for actual moves, it has artistic impact but may disappoint regular action fans, often obscured by objects, flashing blades and fast moving individuals, whirling with deadly force through their adversaries are the order of the day, it is invigorating to watch but in the end i could have done with a little more traditionalism. there is some unfortunate cgi bloodshed as well, it somewhat works in the context but is still distracting. overall though i found this to be a pretty great film, its not one for regular action fans or swordplay enthusiasts seeking another azumi, rather a deeper and more mystical beast, its ending in particular will not go down well with fans of the more generic wing of such fare. but as for myself it really hit the spot and for those more adventurously inclined it might do so too. well recommended at any rate.
a beautiful piece of children's cinema buried in a world of archaic celticism. setting the story around the famous book of kels, believed to have been comprised by monks from the small island of iona, off the western coast of scotland. telling the tale of a young abbots apprentice who goes off into the forest in search of crom-cruic, the fierce headless horseman of pagan mythology. in hopes of recovering a lost artefact. the films true beauty lies in its' animation. cell shaded in a bright and inspirational style of deep complexity resulting in a look of seem less simplicity. deriving much from the artistic style of the brilliant cartoon network series 'samurai jack' for its genius use of mark making and background depth, the secret of kels creates a consistently affective celtic world living under the shadow of viking invasion. the history may be intensely inaccurate and the ways of life portrayed lacking realism but these facts are utterly irrelevant as the film sets itself in a world of fantasy and celtic-revivalist mysticism. the girl of the forest is a wonderful addition and in my opinion makes the picture what it is, as she glides from branch to branch. appearing and disappearing like a mysterious nymph with qualities resembling the legendary cheshire cat from alice and wonderland. the secret of kels is an absolute treat. for all genders, all ages, it's a lovely piece of family cinema. don't expect to be awed but instead pleasantly impressed!
this is a great example of a rather simple film noir story that is handled exceptionally well--thanks to excellent direction by otto preminger as well as some lovely acting performances. dana andrews stars as a hot-headed detective who all too often uses his fists instead of his brains. soon after the film begins, andrews is being reprimanded for this and is warned that if this continues he'll be off the force. a bit later, while investigating a crime he's attacked by a suspect and andrews is forced to fight to protect himself. this time he does not use excessive force but the assailant is killed. andrews panics and assumes they won't believe him so he tries to cover up the death--though instead an innocent man is ultimately blamed for the crime. there's a lot more to the film than this--including a plot involving a slimy villain (gary merrill) and a love interest for andrews (gene tierney). all in all, this is one of the better examples of the genre--with great gritty dialog, superb lighting and a simple yet very effective story. this is the way noir was meant to be.
a very cute movie with a great background provided by the city of boston and fenway park. as a baseball fan and light movie addict, it hit a homerun for me. plenty of laughs and plenty of authentic baseball scenes with real ballplayers and real references to past bosox failures. and how enjoyable was it to watch a movie with a baseball theme without having to endure an overage, over-the-hill, self-serving kevin costner attempting to make believers out of a critical audience? jimmy and drew did a fine job as a young love-struck couple suffering from jimmy's bosox "jones". it was a bit whacky and out of left field, but there really are sox fans that are that fanatic and live their lives through the fortunes of their beloved team. the movie coasted along at a fast pace and the ending, although predictable, had the charm and sentimentality of so many other popular movies, without being overly pretentious. also enjoyable was the return of willie garson to the screen. i miss the forever-popular "stanford blatch" from sex & the city. he's always funny, even when he does or says very little. so buy yourself two box seats, some popcorn, and get ready for a fun time. "fever pitch" is a winner.
my kids recently started watching the reruns of this show - both the early episodes on the n, and the later ones on abc family - and they love it. (i wasn't aware the show had even lasted past the first or second season) i'm curious as to what prompted all of the cast changes - i've seen them described as "highly publicized," and yet a half hours searching efforts on the web have revealed nothing but endless comments on how the early episodes were so much better than the later episodes. (personally, i don't see a whole lot of difference - the scripts and themes remain largely the same throughout - but they do lose some great people along the way) my daughter has put the dvds on her wish list, so perhaps the land of special features and commentary will shed some light on all of this. i also wish they'd done some self-referential humor about the changes - like on "boy meets world" where they drop the little sister for an entire season or so, and when a different actor later shows up playing her, they ask her where she's been and she says "upstairs," or when early series token geek "minkus" shows up for the high school graduation, they ask him where he's been and he says "over there," pointing to the part of the classroom never shown by the camera, before saying "hey, mr. turner, wait up!" and running off screen (mr. turner being another character who left) oh well - maybe there will be an e true hollywood story on this or something? i was just glad to see aunt hilda show up for the finale - she was always one of my favorites - it's too bad it couldn't have been a more encompassing cast reunion. (the zelda candle just didn't cut it for me)
i don't know how anyone could hate this movie. it is so funny. it took a unique mind to come up with this storyline. it's not your typical alien movie. these aliens are so stupid and confused. you need to rent it at least once.
one word can describe this movie and that is weird. i recorded this movie one day because it was a japanese animation and it was old so i thought it would be interesting. well it was, the movie is about a young boy who travels the universe to get a metal body so he can seek revenge. on the way he meets very colorful characters and must ultimately decide if he wants the body or not. very strange, if you are a fan of animation/science-fiction you might want to check this out.
religious bigotry is rampant everywhere. australia is not immune to it. a dingo snatched a baby and the mother was tried and sent to prison for having "killed" her own baby. i don't mean to spoil the story for you, but you need to know the basics before getting knee-deep in what caused this woman to find herself inside a prison. buy or rent the movie and discover how deep-seated human hatred of those who are different continues to thrive around the globe. this is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors. both meryl streep (with her famous aussie accent) and sam neill, whose accent is his native-born pronunciation, are outstanding. those with supporting roles are also quite good. you will remember this movie for many years. see it!
worth watching twice because of the rapid-paced causal shifts among several compelling stories, "bug" emerges as a wholly satisfying work of art that plays ever-optimistic love against myriad examples of frustrating reality. my favorite characters are wallace (john carroll lynch)whose overriding concern for life--from that of a cockroach to the airline passengers for whom he is partially responsible--frames the film; olive (christina kirk), who spends considerable time creating surreal but tasty meals for her impossible husband ernie (chris bauer); and mitchell, a cable tv technician with unbounded trust in fortune cookie messages: "you will meet the girl of your dreams." against such optimism are the forces of quirky reality, all generated by actions of the characters: parking tickets, a clogged drain in a chinese food/donut shop, tv disruption, a crushed auto fender, an obliterated dinner reservation that eventually results in cancellation of a hawaiian vacation. the film is funny: olive getting drunk at a chippendale performance, johnston (michael hitchcock)as a customer service rep attempting to deal with an irate customer, the germ-obsessive cyr (brian cox) facing a restaurant inspector, dwight (jamie kennedy) reacting to his girlfriend's refusal to have children by writing hostile chinese cookie fortunes: "your girlfriend is lying to you" and the guy who falls asleep while manning a jackhammer because he spent the night looking for his girlfriend's missing cat. a minor story with public cable access host (darryl theirse) and a local acting teacher reading from "the boy in the bubble" expresses the major theme: love comes from the heart. "bug" entertains on much the same level as "trains, planes and automobiles" but on a lower budget and with a fresher eye.
after having seen a lot of greek movies i feel very suspicious against most of them. but after watching this i felt astonished. the movies is great without a big try. you cannot claim that the screenplay is so great or the photography is perfect or something technical. it's a real story and it is happening in greek rural areas in places forgotten from god. the movie is like a punch in the stomach and i would really wish that things are not like this. it obviously talks about the xenophobia of the greek people (the ignorance)to anything different. the problem of this guy is not that he is an ex-convicted. the problem is that he is not one of these people. he is different and they do not want them (that's why all the good things he is doing turn boomerang to him). and also speaks about the apathy of the people, because there are some people who are against the hunting of the king, but they do not dare to say their opinion. in the end you can clearly see the hypocrisy of the society being religious and trying to act like god says, but at the same time acting so unfairly to the king. this shows how easily people rationalize their feelings or their beliefs according to the established system. in the end you can have a positive lesson from this very bad story, meaning that you can understand and be part of this society only if you want to become one of them. if you want to remain different and even alone, you are lost (and it is not far from reality) i think it is tragic that the story is real and this should be a bell for everybody. no comment for the main actor because he is already given an award and i believe that his play was great. small comment for hatzisavvas (plays the policeman), he is like a dinosaur, he has played a lot of roles and i'm sure that this role for him was very easy but he plays it so great that you cannot deny him a big bravo. i definitely recommend this movie to anybody who wants to see a good greek movie.
in iran, women are not admitted to soccer games. officially it's because they are to be spared from the vulgar language and behavior of the male audience. but of course it is about sexism. women are lower forms of human beings. some brave girls oppose this and try to get into the stadium by using different tricks. they are caught by soldiers and hold in a kind of cage, until the police will come and pick them up. despite the insane situation, this is a film with lots of humor. it's also encouraging to see how people always find different ways of fighting oppression. you'll get touched at the same time as you have lots of laughs. good job by director jafar panahi. this is in many ways a heroic comedy.
before seeing this, i was put off by the subject matter, but this is not your average triumph over adversity story. although this is technically about blind tibetan kids climbing mt. everest, there is so much more to it. this movie shows the very strong, often contradictory personalities of two highly accomplished blind adults leading the children, erik and sabriye. erik is an american blind mountain climber/athlete and sabriye is a blind german academic who started a school in lhasa tibet. they are both exceptional in their own ways, but disagree on what will really build confidence in the kids. erik wants them to reach the summit while sabriye wants them to enjoy erik as a role model and take pleasure in moment. the nuances are complicated and one walks away not really being sure who was right or if the whole climb was a mistake or a great idea. the most profound scenes are with the tibetan children themselves and the hardships they faced before finding their way to the school. the most moving for me was the story of tashi, a frail teenager who grew up on the streets after his parents abandoned him. i could watch a whole movie on his life and was happy to learn that thanks to the school, he is now running a successful small business with some of his fellow students. if you liked spellbound or murderball, you will love this.
really the tale of two cocky brothers and their respective falls from grace (via drug addiction) and later redemption. one brother, a self-proclaimed genius played by james franco is your typical sensitive but intelligent man-child. the other brother is a hard-working future doctor who becomes less judgmental as he himself falls prey to addiction while dealing with the stress of living up to his family's expectations for both children. not too heavy handed as drug fables are want to be, and all in all a pretty realistic sketch of the family dynamics that drug problems bring about. i'd recommend it to anyone interested in such character studies and commend james franco for his efforts in what was obviously a labor of love.
wow, i forgot how great this movie was until i stumbled upon it while looking through the garage. it's a kind of strange combination of a bio of michael jackson, a collection of musical vignettes, and a story about a super hero fighting to save some little kids. the vignettes are good (especially speed demon), but the best part of this movie is the super hero segment, in which michael jackson turns into a car, a robot, and finally a spaceship (and it's just as weird as it sounds). joe pesci is hilarious, and has enough cool imagery and great music to entertain throughout! the real gem however is the incredible "smooth criminal" video, which makes the movie worth owning for that part alone!
this film isn't just about a school shooting, in fact its never even seen. but that just adds to the power this film has. its about people and how they deal with tragedy. i know it was shown to the students who survived the columbine shooting and it provided a sense of closure for a lot of them. the acting is superb. all three main actors (busy phillips, erika christensen and victor garber) are excellent in their roles...i highly recommend this film to anyone. its one of those films that makes you talk about it after you see it. it provokes discussion of not only school shootings but of human emotions and reactions to all forms of tragedy. it is a tear-jerker but it is well worth it and one i will watch time and time again
i liked this film a lot. it's dark, it's not a bullet-dodging, car-chasing numb your brain action movie. a lot of the characters backgrounds and motivations are kinda vague, leaving the viewer to come to their own conclusions. it's nice to see a movie where the director allows the viewer to make up their own minds. in the end, motivated by love or vengeance, or a desire to repent - he does what he feels is "right". 'will god ever forgive us for what we've done?' - it's not a question mortal men can answer - so he does what he feels he has to do, what he's good at, what he's been trained to do. denzel washington is a great actor - i honestly can't think of one bad movie he's done - and he's got a great supporting cast. i would thoroughly recommend this movie to anyone.
funny. sad. charming. these are all words that floated through my head while i was watching this beautiful, simple film. it is rare that a movie truly moves me, but "shall we dance?" accomplished that with grace to spare. gentle humor mixed in with occasional subtle agony made this easily one of the best experiences of my movie-viewing history. it left me with a quiet sense of exultation, but with a small touch of sadness mixed in. and the dancing, oh yes, the dancing. even if you are not a lover of the art, or can't put one foot in front of another, the steps displayed here will take your breath away, and make you want to sign up for classes as fast as you can. it was absolutely enchanting, even the parts that show sugiyama's (touchingly portrayed by koji yakusho) stilted steps when he was first learning to dance were lovely in a humorous, child-like way. and yet, this film was not entirely about dancing, but more about the subtleties of human behavior and feelings. we witness a shy man learning to express his repressed feelings through dance, a beautiful dance instructor rediscovering her love for the art, and the personal growth of every member of the wonderful supporting cast. beauty. pain. emotion. all the love and little agonies of life are here, expressed with the delicate feeling of a fine japanese watercolor painting combined with the emotional strength and grace of the culture.
this, "prodigal son" and "eastern condors" are my favourite sammo hung films. the fat dragon is fatter in this outing than he was in "condors", but he's no less sure-footed as director or actor. he is, in fact, at the top of his form and delivers a devastating, brutal actioner that boasts half a dozen amazing sequences and manages to tell a compassionate, sweet love story also. love and romance are not the director's priorities here, but they serve as curious adjuncts to the action, and insure that viewers don't hit the fast-forward button between the physical clashes. the opening scene, which features a funny light sabre duel, sets a solid but deceptive tone. a sequence in which sammo's pedicab is chased by a car is beautifully staged and sweetened with a sharp, comic tone. the fast and furious stick fight between sammo and lau kar leung is a model of dazzling choreography and sharp, superb direction, and easily one of the best ever of its type. the film's violence escalates slowly until, finally, when the climactic showdown comes, we are subjected to some of the most brutal altercations ever seen in a sammo production. the director/actor's assault on billy chow and a house filled with angry, menacing opponents is a bone-cracking, physically punishing delight. terrific on every level and one of the best martial arts movies ever made. great score, too.
i've watched this movie a second time to try to figure out why it wasn't as successful (commercially or artistically) as it should have been, and discovered considerable artistic merit--which may ultimately have been its commercial undoing. first of all, this movie attempts "serious" science-fiction, social commentary, more than action-adventure. there is action in it, but that's not really what it's about. if you focus on that, you'll end up with (as others have noted) a bad "aliens" clone. but, again, that's not what it's about. the movie is really about todd's (kurt russell) transformation from human to near-machine and back to human (mostly *back*). but because it's not trying to give you a typically glib hollywood style answer, kurt russell must make this transformation without speaking, and largely without broad expressions. and he really does a wonderful job--it can take two viewings to appreciate it. the surrounding "social logic" is flawed and it's never adequately explained whether todd's ability to hold his own against an army of supposedly superior troops comes from his experience on the battlefield or his newfound human-ness or what, but the movie still makes a marvellous showcase for russell's (easy to underestimate) talent.
*some spoilers* i was pleasantly surprised to find the harsh criticisms (acting, dated dialogue, unclear storyline) unfounded. belafonte is great as a brandoesque, menacing, swearing spirit who must earn his wings but is realistically ill-equipped from his past life to do so. he learns too late how empty his hustling, materialistic life was without love. mostel is likewise great as an anguished man with his dying wife fanny. in spite of his prayers for a miracle, his bitterness prevents him from accepting (or believing) in one. the two social worlds the characters represent alternately collide and complement the other, the result being hilarious and touchingly sad. the perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film. after looking everywhere for belafonte, mostel looks up to see a falling feather, and he frantically reaches for it as if he's finally willing to believe in angels and miracles. but belafonte wasn't allowed to finish his miracle (either to restore fanny's health or mostel's faith), so he never got his wings. the feather floats tauntingly out of mostel's grasp, a metaphor for both men's live: it's too late and you don't get a second chance. like "it's a wonderful life," this movie is magical, wonderful, funny, but terribly tragic.
here's a real weirdo for you. it starts out with another take-off on the psycho shower scene, on campus, then gets crazier when several coeds and their doofy boyfriends head south for spring break. the trouble starts when they drive into the redneck county ruled by homicidal sheriff dean. one of the college cuties wanders into the woods, witnesses a murder by the sheriff and has her head blown open. then it's lets-rip-off macon county line-time as dean stalks, traps and slaughters the witless witnesses one by one. tony march is on-target as the evil, shotgun-happy dean. the movie's overall tone is truly disturbing. the ending is so abrupt you almost think the director ran out of film; it's also a study in despair. shallow grave is a must for misanthropes, misogynists and nihilists the world over.
this film, as low budget as it may be, is one of the best psychological thrillers i've ever seen. if you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can appreciate just how good of a story it is, how very well written the script is, and how great the filmmaker was to produce something so wonderful with so little money. all the elements of a great film are here. the visuals, though shot on digital, were gorgeous in places. the bizarre, dreamy feel of the film is captured particularly well in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just amazing. it's such a trippy piece of work, but not done in a pretentious way, and because of that i have a whole lot of respect for this film. it comes highly recommended to anyone looking for something unique and captivating, and different from much of the repetitive films that are out there.
this film has a special place in my heart, as when i caught it the first time, i was teaching adult literacy. it rang very true to me and even an outstanding student i had at the time. there are scenes which make you gulp with sudden emotion, and those which even put a smile on your face through sheer identification with the characters and their situation. excellent performances by jane fonda and robert deniro that rank with their best work, a great turn by a young martha plimpton, an inspiring story line, and a haunting musical score makes for a most enjoyable and rewarding experience.
star rating: ***** the works **** just misses the mark *** that little bit in between ** lagging behind * the pits mike atherton (dudikoff) is peacefully making his way in the wild west when he spots a group of men mistreating a lady. being a gentleman, he naturally steps in and puts a stop to this and in doing so kills the son of a nasty enforcer. this is just the beginning of a all guns blazing battle to the finish from which there will be only one winner. m dudikoff is an action star who's never truly managed to take off with me. maybe i discovered him too late and after the other film i saw with him in it last monday, the human shield, it was just another dud (ha ha) added to the list. but i have a thing for westerns, being films that just sort of transport me to a different time and place and provide real escapist entertainment and with this dudikoff has picked one of his better scripts, as his films go anyway. the film hits a few low points in the shape of a naff central villain, sounding like a blank marlon brando and some generally ropey acting from some of the cast, along with the obligatory cheap looking sets. but if, for some strange reason, your life ever depended on watching a dudikoff film, this would be one of your best choices. ***
saw this movie on its release and have treasured it since. what a wonderful group of actors (i always find the casting one of the most interesting aspects of a film). really enjoyed seeing dramatic actress jacqueline bisset in this role and wallace shawn is always a hoot. the script is smart, sly and tongue-in-cheek, poking fun at almost everything "beverley hills". loved paul bartel's "doctor" and ray sharkey's manservant. this was raunchy and crude, but thank god! unless you're a prude, i heartily recommend this movie. fyi for anyone who likes to play six degrees of kevin bacon, mary woronov & paul bartel were in "rock & roll high school". mary woronov and robert beltran were in "night of the comet" together. they were all three in "eating raoul".
i enjoyed this movie,and after watching it,it made me wonder just how many 'caitlin rose's' exist in the world.how many other girls have been subjected to this sort of sexual abuse,and torment by classmates and have been too frightened to open their mouth about it? just how threatening and cruel can teenagers be towards one another,because as this film demonstrates,who's right is not foremost important,its who is popular,and feared which manipulates the minds of youths,and influences them to allow this sort of immorality to happen.tiffani amber thiessen gives a powerful performance as the rape victim,and brian austin green is convincing as the guy torn between the girl he thought he loved,and his best friend.this is the kind of film that doesn't get the exposure it deserves.remarkable,and brilliant,too good to be just a film made for tv.
first things first! this isn't an action movie although there is a lot of action in it! i think you can compare it to american sports movies! where a team of very bad players succeed in the unthinkable,winning a game or tournament beyond expectation! in this case it isn't about football or baseball,but taekwondo! in the beginning these street thugs seem to be good for nothing! but soon we will find out that they don't want to be thugs and actually achieve something in life! it is nice to see them struggle and training! i was surprised how funny this movie was! from start till the end you will laugh your pants off! the young korean actors are very convincing! go see this wonderful feel good movie!
this would have worked a lot better if it had been made as "mitchell in malta." at least then we would have been spared the sight of joe don baker running around an otherwise scenic mediterranean locale clad in that ridiculous looking cowboy outfit...not to mention acting like an old west gunslinger. mitchell being mitchell, the film wouldn't have suffered from a lack of gratuitous police brutality either. oh well. at least the comic comments of mike and the bots made this enjoyable fare as an episode of mst. i can't imagine watching it on it's own, however.
i have complained to abc about the cancellation of six degrees. if enough people do the same then it could be enough to bring this fabulous show back to life!! just go onto the official site and the rest is simple enough. i do not understand why this show has been cancelled. what a fantastic show, cast and characters. the whole concept is gripping viewing! i am astounded that my favourite show is over after just one series. why is this? six degrees is phenomenal, it's better than so many other tv programmes out there! until i heard they were stopping it from a friend it hadn't even occurred to me that this might happen.
hardcastle and mccormick is an excellent tv show. yes, it is predictable much like the dukes of hazzard, hunter, the a-team, etc etc etc. this show is just good clean television. the relationship between hardcastle and mccormick is quite amusing. they often take jabs at each other several times an episode, which adds a great deal of humor to the show. it contains several car chases in almost every episode, but, who doesn't enjoy a good car chase? especially with the coyote! i only wish they made clean television like this today i highly recommend this!
maybe the greatest film ever about jazz. it is jazz. the opening shot continues to haunt my reverie. lester, of course, is wonderful and out of this world. jo jones is always a delight (see the sound of jazz as well). if you can, find the music; it's available on cd. all lovers of jazz and film noir should study this tremendous jewel. what shadows and light - what music - what a hat!
this film is one of those that has a resounding familiarity to it. it is earthy, grounded and a film that will make you think...and smile. paul reiser and peter falk take you on a journey that you will not forget. the soundtrack is beautifully varied and fitting; and the film itself is like a breath of fresh air. this surely deserves recognition for both the film and the actors! finally, a piece of art that departs from the obvious love story and the frequent special affects that are seen today. never have i walked out from a movie with such deep warmth and feeling of thoughtfulness in my heart; for it felt as if someone had just wrapped it in a fluffy fleece blanket. to see this film is to find a real treasure and delight in it.
'cry freedom' is a movie about how far people will go to find the truth. the first half is an interesting portrayal of an unlikely friendship between activist steve biko and editor don woods (played fanatically by dezel washington and kevin klein). while the second half deals with woods looking for answers on biko's death. although most people favor the first half of the movie which focuses on the unlikely friendship between biko and woods'. i found the second half about don woods struggle to have biko's story be heard around the world much more interesting.
i really thought they did an *excellent* job, there was nothing wrong with it at all, i don't know how the first commenter could have said it was terrible, it moved me to tears (i guess it moved about everyone to tears) but i try not to cry in a movie because it's embarrassing but this one got me. it was sooo good! i hope they release it on dvd because i will definitely buy a copy! i feel like it renewed my faith and gave me a hope that i can't explain, it made me want to strive to be a better person, they went through so much and we kind of take that for granted, i guess. compared to that, i feel like our own trials are nothing. well, not nothing, but they hardly match what they had to go through. i loved it. who played emma?!
when i think of return of the jedi i think epic. yeah ewoks were in there so what? they're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. emperor palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor ian mcdiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. palpatine is so evil and vicious, vader looks like mr. rogers compared to him . speaking of darth vader, what an amazing end to such an iconic character. vader is truly a modern day greek tragedy and i think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after revenge of the sith came out. his redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. the best part was of course the special effects. it's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. the scenes at jabba's palace (leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. in all jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between luke vader and palpatine and when luke reveals the truth to leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.
i'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in england, but was in many ways very pleased when i finally saw it. there are a lot of great things to the film, for a start the acting. its not something i have all that much need for in a horror picture but the people in this film all put in fine work. this and the constantly gripping and interesting script, with a nice sorta lovecraftian feel to it, give the film a real solid backbone. add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner. it has my favorite kind of gore too, supernatural and splattery. also, the characters of marcus, the angry bodybuilding transsexual and daisy, his mentally retarded lover/plaything are genuinely freakish and unnerving at times, and give a far out, anything goes sense of morbid grown up craziness which works well with the frequent freudian overtones. this is one of the most impressive recent horror movies, far more shocking or out there than anything hollywood can produce. my only gripe was that i wanted the ending to be darker in tone, but it still works, so on the whole i'd really recommend this to serious horror buffs.
this isn't 'bonnie and clyde' or 'thelma and louise' but it is a fine road movie. it sets up its two main characters gently and easily. viewers learn the underlying tensions quickly, which is a tribute to the director. there is the young french (and english) speaking son who wants to do well in france, has a french girlfriend and who drinks alcohol, parties as young men do. and there is his moroccan arabic (and french) speaking father who devoutly follows his muslim faith, with generosity and the wisdom of elders and who rejects the new culture surrounding him (like mobile phones). the film could explore very powerful politics - the odd couple drive thru the former yugoslavia, thru turkey and then thru the middle east to get to mecca. these are areas where the muslim populations have been involved in wars, repression, ethnic cleansing; where dictators have pursued torture and summary executions to hold power and where religious communities are in constant deadly battle with each other. yet the film moves thru those places and possibilities with only hints of such agendas. the relationship between the two is key to this film, and faith, politics are the backdrop. it seems to be saying that we are all human, and need to understand and care for each other in order to manage well in this world. it certainly isn't 'natural born killers' and is all the better for it.
what starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining. "right to die" is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore. spoilers here: top credits also go to the dead-on performance from martin donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. playing the character in a great "aloof" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. corbin bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts. end of spoiler. as a revenge-from-the-dead flick, "right to die" benefits heavily from it's performers and is more than an ok way to spend less than an hour.
i was hooked from beginning to end. great horror comes from disturbing imagery and organic shocks that are created not to make you jump, but to make you go "what the f*ck did i just see?" all the other commentators gave short summaries of what the film is about, so i won't rehash what has already been said. i was telling other people about this movie days after i had seen it just because it still haunted me. i even had a bad dream after seeing it, and i am a true horror fan, not easily spooked by tripe like "the grudge" or even "silent hill". what gave me the bad dreams was the unease i felt about what i would do if i were in that cell with those guys. what would my personal horror be? my subconscious took me there, and it was not pleasant. that my friends is what a good horror flick does to you! the best part of this movie is that it is subtle. it's not about bogeymen that jump out at you,alien invasions, or tons of gore. it's the opposite. the horror you create in your own mind. the irony for the four characters is that the horror comes not from an external force that asserts it's power over them. simply, the men ask for the one thing they desire, and they get it...but not in the way they imagined. so on the one hand, they get what they wish for from an occult book, but may ultimately wish they hadn't. sometimes being locked in a jail cell is the best place to be!
otto preminger, completing a noir cycle at twentieth century fox, reunited his "laura" leads for this stark, gritty detective drama. dana andrews again portrays a cop, but this time he's hardened, cynical and has been accused of police brutality by his superior - "you don't hate hoods, you liked to beat them up!". mark dixon (andrews) despises criminals, as his own father was a crook. he doesn't want to be "sandy dixon's kid" so he became a policeman, but his methods are harsh and hated. one night, investigating a murder, he unknowingly punches a suspect, ken paine (craig stevens) so hard that it kills him. a shaken dixon does his best to cover it up, intending to frame a hated thug, scalise (gary merrill) for the crime. however, the blame falls on paine's father-in-law, jiggs taylor (tom tully), whose daughter, department store model morgan taylor (tierney) is estranged from her husband but keeps getting drawn into his gambling schemes. paine had slapped his wife, enraging her father, who did show up at his son-in-law's apartment, but not until dixon had departed with the body. with no better suspects, jiggs is arrested and charged. riddled with guilt, mark falls for morgan and offers money for an attorney. he decides to take on scalise anyway but leaves a letter to be given to the department in the event of his death, confessing everything. in the end, he cannot live with the knowledge with what he has done, and he permits the letter to be read by his superior and by morgan. despite all the tragic circumstances, morgan professes her love for mark and will wait for him. it was great to find this film on dvd, after so many years of televised obscurity. eddie mueller, a film noir historian, provides the commentary and does a good job, but i find his assertion that audiences wouldn't have caught the significance of the casting of the two leads, since "laura" had been made six years earlier. in that respect, he is mistaken because they had appeared in "the iron curtain" two years prior to wtse and the film was a box-office success. andrews and tierney were fabulous together, and ruth donnelly is tremendous comic relief as restaurant owner martha, fanning the flames between the detective and the dame. the night cityscapes give the film an air of menace. gary merrill is great as the low-life scalise, who had a criminal past with dixon's dad ("your father liked me," he taunts mark). karl malden and a young neville brand are terrific also. and tom tully is just touching and funny as morgan's unjustly accused pop. a watchable film noir with a fantastic cast.
watching the commercials for this movie, i was fairly convinced that i was going to loathe it. for one thing, it was one of those "loosely based on the novel" movies, which usually means that the book author saw the script, hated it, and refused to be associated with the film. worse, the trailer showed only the most mundane slapstick imaginable (ex: kid gets squirted in the face with a garden hose...and falls over). so when my little brother got it into his mind that this was the "must see" film of the season (of course, he thought the same thing about "cars", "over the hedge", "the ant bully", "monster house", etc, etc), i was admittedly less than thrilled. but once at the theater, the film won me over for a variety of reasons. first and foremost, the writers capture 'kid dialogue' better than just about any other children's film i've ever seen. a prime example of this comes directly after the boys' principal accidentally eats a worm stuck in an egg omelet. the boys do a lame, over-exaggerated impression of the principal lecturing them, which makes it realistic since all little kids think (mistakenly) that they do great mocking expressions of their adult tormentors. then one of the boys asks, "why did he say, 'alley oop'?" another boy responds, "maybe he's crazy!" and the entire group laughs uproariously. not an overly witty rejoinder, but exactly the kind of thing a young kid would come up with on the spot and exactly the type of remark other kids his age would find hilarious. as if to confirm it, my kid brother laughed right on cue when they were spoken on-screen; i could practically hear his voice spouting the same exact lines if he was placed in a similar situation. another reason the movie works is that the writers manage to work in issues like bullying, sibling relationships, the new kid in school, and peer pressure/conformity without making any of them seem as though they were subplots for some after school special. for example, the bully (joe) isn't stereotypical; he's definitely bad but not pure evil, and just enough of his home-life is revealed that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his bullying origins. there's also no "cue the dramatic music" moment where billy ('worm boy') realizes what a complete tool he's being to his younger brother woody, and yet, by the end of the movie, some type of minor transformation has been made. there's some realism here in the way the characters resolve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very little of it comes across as corny. the only drawback to the movie comes in the form of an absolutely laughable dance scene that even the creators of the infamous mcdonald's dance party in "mac and me" would scoff at. why oh why was it put into the movie?? did austin rogers (adam) pull a macaulay culkin and refuse to take the role unless he was given a vehicle to showcase his oh so impressive dancing skills? the entire sequence definitely did not need to be there and had slightly less comedic value than any given show on "the history channel". overall, though, this movie was excellent, and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was just about perfect. one of the best, most realistic live action kid films you'll ever see if you're ever around children or just remember what being a kid was actually like.
this film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever. ever. but in my opinion it is possibly the funniest. the horrifying direction and screenplay makes this film priceless. i bought the movie whilst sifting through the bargain dvd's at my local pound shop. me and some friends then watched it, admittedly whilst rather drunk. it soon occurred that this wasn't any normal film. instead a priceless relic of what will probably be james cahill's last film. at first we were confused and were screaming for the dvd player to be turned off but thankfully in our abnormal state no-one could be bothered. instead we watched the film right through. at the end we soon realised we had found any wasters dream, something that you can acceptably laugh at for hours, whilst laughing for all the wrong reasons. we soon showed all our other friends and they too agreed, this wasn't a work of abysmal film. this was a film that you can truly wet yourself laughing at. this was a film that anyone can enjoy. this was genius.
this movie is simply awesome.it was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.this movie did not create any controversy in india (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.initially i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember ashoka, mangal pandey,loc etc.. there have been so many movies in india which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added. but its treatment is pretty similar to pinjar movie (also a must watch). if it counts then i would like to thank anil kapoor ( producer ) and firoz abbas khan ( the director) for making such a great movie..
this is a must see for anybody who loves thriller's specially political thriller. one scene that stands out is milgram experiment it is shot to perfection very rarely do we get to see a movie shot and scripted the way this movie is presented. the movie starts with a kennedy like assassination and a three member team is constituted to investigate the assassination. however one of the member does not agree with the final findings of the committee. as per the terms set that member would initiate a one man investigation into the assassination. this investigation gets him involved in into to deep and dark secrets of high office politics and the way they are controlled.
the most important thing about this movie is the brilliant performance by daniel day-lewis and hugh o'conor as christy brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite of her physical condition overcame all the odds. as a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, i can assure you that their performance were shockingly convincing. the enormous support that christy got form his family, low-income, working class dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture depicted this support brilliantly have not read the book, but the dialogs were written wisely to capture christy brown's witty arrogant personality. i do recommend this movie to everyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.
if your idea of a thriller is car chases, explosions, and dozens of people being mowed down by gunfire, then "house of games" is definitely not the movie for you. if you like and appreciate psychological drama and suspense, then, by all means, see it. "house of games" tells the story of an esteemed psychologist and writer, dr. margaret ford (lindsay crouse), who tries to help a patient and gets involved in the shadowy world of con men led by the charismatic mike (joe mantegna). to say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense. frankly, i find it hard to believe anyone who says they saw the twists coming. just like a clever con artist, this movie draws you into its web and lulls your vigilance. the story is taut and well-crafted, the dialogue smart and laconic, the acting uniformly good (mantegna is superbly charismatic). some have complained that dr. ford is not a very sympathetic character, and wondered why mamet would make lindsay crouse look so physically unattractive. but dr. ford is supposed to be cold and aloof; moreover, her homeliness is in a way essential to the plot (at one point, i believe that an injury to her sexual self-esteem is a key part of her motivation ... i'll say no more). "house of games" is a dark look at the underside of human nature that concludes on a note of discomforting ambiguity. it will hold your attention every second while you are watching, and stay with you for a long time afterwards.
i was very surprised with this film. i was touched with the lives that paulie touched along his way to find his "marie" the little girl he was separated from. the humor was also very good and it did not hurt the story as i thought it would probably do. actually i was expecting "paulie wants a cracker" jokes to hurt this film but even that was done in a very humorous scene that turns very touching when paulie is in the research lab press room conference. so if you wish to see a good "animal that talks" film check this one out, much better than dr. dolittle in my opinion. paulie also has a surprised twist in the end that is done very nicely as well.
this film quite literally has every single action movie cliche and all of them work to its advantage. straight from lethal weapon gary busey wisecracks, shoots and chuckles through this film with such reckless abandonment it can't help but amuse and entertain. there are tanks, helicopters, machine gun battles, grenades and ice cream vans and if they aren't good enough reasons to watch this film then how about the best one...danny trejo. and if you don't know who danny trejo is then you probably won't like this film.
this supernatural peter weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. richard chamberlain does his best performance here as the australian lawyer who defends a group of young aborigins accused of murder. as he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, chris, and not least about himself. chris tells him that he is a mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in australia thousands of years ago. at the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the last wave, the one that will drown the world. the dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. olivia hamnett and david gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays charlie, the old aborigin who can turn into an owl. the climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. however, this can not be called a pure thriller. it is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. a masterful work by peter weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.
a film that dramatized an understandable reluctance to face the inevitable coming of the the second world war, when a spanish republican, sent by his soon to be overthrown government, (charles boyer) infiltrates himself into england looking for support for his cause by trying to influence wealthy mine owners not to sell coal to the fascists back in spain. he upsets the locals, getting convincingly beaten in one scene, and later in the film facing an angry crowd of miners who see him as yet another threat to their shaky livelihood. notwithstanding socio-economic hierarchy, xenophobia, and world politics, this film expertly delves into a dark and suspenseful intrigue involving unfaithful compatriots played by katina paxinou and peter lorre, and is expertly filmed in numerous darkly lit scenes set in a dreary hotel by james wong howe, and manages more than once to get under your skin.
dark angel is a cross between huxley's brave new world and percy's love in the ruins--portraying the not too distant future as a disturbing mixture of chaos and order, both in the worst sense of the word. once one swallows the premise that all modern technology can be brought to a standstill by "the pulse," it provides an entertaining landscape for exploring the personalities of and relationships between the two primary characters--max (the dark angel/bike messenger) and logan (the rich rebel). it seems uneven, perhaps a result of a variety of authors, but is held together by the energetic, beautiful, and charming jessica alba, who seems both strong and calloused yet vulnerable and sensitive. i think that fox has done it again.
this is a racist movie, but worthy of study and enjoyment. first time through it the natural inclination is to focus on erbe & dad. they have a relaxed, peaceful thing going, what with her still at home about to graduate from high school, and him retired and kicking back waiting for inspiration to do something. second time through you realize how horribly the sister's husband is dissed by her friends in the backwoods blues bar. he takes it, it's the thing to do these days, and the critical moment passes as if they were chatting about the weather. in that same scene the sister's blues song is a real tear-jerker if you're the least bit sensitive and like that kind of music. her performance feels like the climax of the story; a blues story with the good guys being "people of color" in their element in backwoods, sc. meanwhile, all the white folk in the movie lead what appears to be shallow meaningless lives fit only for making babies. that's cool, long as you recognize it as fiction.
this film has a lot of strong points. it has one of the best horror casts outside of the lugosi-karloff-chaney circle: lionel atwill, fay wray, and dwight frye, plus leading man melvyn douglas. it's got all the right ingredients: bats, a castle with lots of stone staircases, a mad scientist, townspeople waving torches and hunting vampires, an "igor"-type character, a beautiful girl, even a goofy-haired burgomeister. the soft-focus camera work is moody and imaginative. there's even some good comic relief nicely spaced throughout the script. but it's not really a monster movie because there is nothing supernatural going on in "kleinschloss" ("little castle"). the plot revolves around the generic crazy scientist (nicely played by atwill) who values his work more highly than human lives. it's not top-tier material, because of a ho-hum resolution of the plot and some embarrassingly bad dialog for dwight frye. but it's worth a look if you like early b/w horror pictures.
these are excerpts from a nine-page "memo to mr. cohn from mr. welles", written after orson had seen studio mogul harry cohn's edited version of the picture (he took an hour out): "...the preview title music was written by a first rate composer, george antheil. although not written for our picture at all, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic which made it acceptable...the only musical idea which seems to have occurred to this present composer (heinz roemheld) is the rather weary one of using a popular song--the "theme"--in as many arrangements as possible. throughout we have musical references to "please don't kiss me" for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material. the tune is pleasing, it may do very well on the hit parade--but lady from shanghai is not a musical comedy...mr. roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old-fashioned type of scoring now referred to in our business as "disney". in other words, if somebody falls down, he makes a "falling down" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc...if the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative, i couldn't be unhappier about the results...just before i left to go abroad, i asked vi (viola lawrence, the editor) to make a cut which would involve dropping the near accident with the taxi-cab and also quite a bit of dialogue. i am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut...saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, accounting for the main weaknesses of the film's opening reel)...there is nothing in the fact of rita's diving to warrant a big orchestral crescendo...what does matter is rita's beauty...the evil overtones suggested by grigsby's character, and michael's bewilderment. any or all of these items might have inspired the music. instead, the dive is treated as though it were a major climax or some antic moment in a silly symphony: a pratfall by pluto the pup, or a wild jump into space by donald duck...there is no sound atmosphere on the boat. a little wind and water is sorely missed. there's no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen...at the start of the picnic sequence...in the temporary score, we used a very curious, sexy latin-american strain...this has been replaced with a corny "dramatic" sequel--bad stock stuff...this sort of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what might have saved lady from shanghai from being just another whodunit...there is a big musical outburst after grigsby's line, "i want you to kill him." this is absurd...the hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio...was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point. as it stands now, it's on about the same level as the rest of the scoring. nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we're kidding...the aquarium scene needs more echo. "please don't kiss me" is in again!...a bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of michael's run down the pier. from the gunshot through to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices had been built up with the expenditure of much time and effort. for some reason, this has all been junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo. as a result, the whole sequence seems dull...the audience should feel at this point, along with michael, that maybe they are going crazy. the new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they're going to sleep...the gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music...the closing music again makes reference to "please don't kiss me"...this finale is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and does incalculable injury to the finish of the picture." all of these edits from orson were ignored
it's funny. it's not arthur miller or t.s. elliot, but man this is funny. kline and fields are great. (her toss-off line "god, you are so disgusting" as she climbs in his window - great! kline's running into the door after scoping out teri hatcher - great too!) robert downey jr. and kathy moriarty work together flawlessly - until he finds out who she really is... a soap opera turn if there every was one! the scene near the end in the chinese dining area had my kids and i rolling on the floor - that scene alone is worth the rental price. doesn't solve any world problems or show the seemy underbelly of daytime t.v. (i hope). just a lot of fun.
sometimes i just want to laugh. don't you? no analyzing, no critiquing and no looking for deeper meaning. rent this movie, watch it all and laugh your ass off. don't want to admit you liked it? fine. but don't trash it here when you and i both know you liked it. it's damn funny!
there isn't a whole lot going on in this story -- just two men employing very different ways of handling memories of vietnam. but what it lacks in premise, it more than makes up for in acting and realism. it's a quiet film about the bonds of friendship and shared experience. we even get romance (not gratuitous -- just another very real piece of this story). it's well worth seeing.
visconti's first film has all his trademark visual flair and immaculate technique, accompanied by compelling performances from massimo girotti as the handsome drifter and, best of all, clara calamai as the fabulous, frantic giovanna. remade several times as 'the postman rings twice' but never bettered. can't believe this was the man's first film! it shows the confidence of someone at the zenith of their career.
this movie was directed by victor nunez who also wrote the screenplay (ulee's gold). nice and straightforward writing, that was nominated for the independent spirit award, looking at ruby's day to day life. what we see is a slice in the life of the young woman ruby. ashley judd (sisters) won the independent spirit award best female lead for this role. ruby is starting to live on her own and establishing her own identity. she explores jobs, friendships, boy friends, sex, a typical young adult search. the movie won grand jury prize at the sundance film festival. as an independent film enthusiast i picked the movie because of sundance. i appreciate this type of movie, because it does not carry the hollywood baggage. although the stories are completely different this reminded me of nobody's fool, staring paul newman. the later movie is a slice of the daily life of a common man. i like that. the story is very nicely told, and all we had to do was sit and enjoy the story. the only thing i am not sure about is the title. i am sure that there are not that many bugs, and flies in paradise as there are in florida. as i am allergic to mosquitos, florida is no paradise to me, i itch all over thinking about florida. i turn into a complete red boil. i recommend this movie! favorite scenes: ruby and her friend rochelle bridges, played by allison dean walking at the beach of panama city, florida. indeed the sand is very white. i have been there. favorite quotes: "necessity has always been a good excuse." "all that fuss over finding a man is not at all different now, who is going to be and when and why."
so one person says, "this movie is a beautiful, delicate exploration of west german life after world war ii." and the other says, "former nazis living in bombed out buildings, and the movie is 'beautiful, delicate'?" and the first sits there nodding, takes another sip of coffee. "i can't explain. just see it."
joseph h. lewis was one of the finest directors of film noir. this is surely his best. it doesn't have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir. though american-made, it is set entirely in england. it lacks gangsters. it lacks a femme fatale. it does not lack crime. the title character answers an ad. she is overjoyed that she'll be making some money as a secretary. instead, she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot. only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal. and nina foch gives the sense of a strong woman as julia. part of the excitement comes from casting against type: ms. foch has an elegant manner. she is no screaming, cowering victim. she is actually a bit icy and patrician, albeit impecunious. this makes her character's plight all the more believable. surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of dame may witty. she was (and is) probably most famous for the charming title character in "the lady vanishes." she has a sweet manner and a harmless, slightly dithering manner. but here she is far from a heroine. george macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son. the whole cast, in fact, is superb. it seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident. undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing. but he did it on a low budget. that is the thrill and charm of film noir, the real film noir: it is small, convincingly lowlife, and, in this case, unforgettable.
this film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not. take some time. relax, enjoy. think. people who see this movie as slow or plodding or dull really need to take a week off and watch it several times until their short attention span mind comes to grips with the possibility of being involved with a cause or even beautiful story in a beautiful place for no other reason than because it isn't hurrying to make the points you so emphatically need it to make in the short time alloted. at first i was apprehensive of brosnan playing a native american. given the story line though, i think it was apt casting. now, back to my hermiting. -jahfre
ah, domino is actually a breath of fresh air, something new to the cinema world. i enjoyed the movie a lot because of the intricate plot, the varied characters, and the intense camera effects. i've seen some complain about the camera work and, in fact, according to the creators themselves, the flashy and wild shots were all the culmination of mistakes made through time. all of what you see was the desired effect. perhaps some complain because something quite like this has never been done before, although that's what sets it apart. in a deeper aspect, what you are seeing is just how domino sees things through her eyes, think about it. when it comes to the story, i don't see anything quite bad about it. despite it's "messy" nature, according to some, it is in fact just a rapid form of storytelling. the plot really isn't all that hard to follow, if you actually focus on what's going on. maybe it's just me because i see movies from many different aspects such as the acting, the plot, etc. i'm no "interpreter" or anything who picks movies apart, it just comes to me. with that said, i believe this is quite an excellent movie indeed, despite it's future as a cult-classic, blockbuster, or whatever. and the characters, well there's no doubting how varied the cast is. i believe the cast is excellent as they all do fine jobs portraying their characters effectively, that's what makes a movie ladies and gentlemen. the characters are all very unique and a plus is that you get to witness a small piece of each one of their lives, setting them apart even further. basically, i personally loved the cast and characters. all those who bash and burn this film perhaps just don't see it as i do, or it just doesn't appeal to them. no matter, this is a great film in it's own right, no, it's a great film period.
this is movie is very touching. i don't care what people say about this movie, this is a very good movie. the performances by amitabh bachchan's role has the dying father is great, because he wants to teach his son how to handle life in case something happens to him and akshay kumer was great in his role as the spoiled aditya thakur. the supporting role of shefali shetty who played the role of sumitra thakur was magnificent. priyanka chopra was good in her small role she had in the movie. ragpal yadav as the brain-dead servant and boman irani as the show-off father-in law have a very good connection and the comedy scene's were hilarious. the direction is very good.
'stanley and iris' show the triumph of the human spirit. for stanley, it's the struggle to become literate and realize his potential. for iris, it's to find the courage to love again after becoming a widow. the beauty of the movie is the dance that robert deniro and jane fonda do together, starting and stopping, before each has the skills and courage to completely trust each other and move on. in that sense it very nicely gives us a good view of how life often is, thus being credible. unlike some other reviewers i found the characters each rendered to be consistent for the whole picture. the supporting cast is also carefully chosen and they add a depth of character that the main characters get added meaning from the supporting performances. all in all an excellent movie. the best thing i take from it is hope.
this series got me into deighton's writing and the genre when i was younger and i love this presentation of the story. i would however disagree with the above comment. from what i have read in the past, it is not holm's performance that lead deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. a great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended samson's field career. the scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in sinker was from east germany to west germany, not the polish frontier. this whole storyline is cloth. the changes in set similarly damage the integrity of the story. my perspective on holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of samson during his wife's defection excellently and i believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. as clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. i think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. holm is diminutive when compared to the samson of the book - a physically impressive man capable of using his size to impose a presence.
it's really annoying when good movies like this one go unnoticed. but i'm glad i did not miss it. they should re-release it with a lot more publicity. i do not think they did anything to promote it. great work paxton.
i approached this film with low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised. it is very well done and it beats hands down the ballroom dancing movies of recent years, especially "strictly ballroom". while the music is nice and the dancing colourful, for me the movie is not about dancing. it is about the very japanese institution that gives male office workers long commutes to work and free time after work for entertainment that does not involve their families. here we have the man with the complete family and the large mortgage and a flagging zest for life. he is drawn to the attractive image of a young woman in a dance studio he passes during his commute and this leads him to try ballroom dancing. also japanese is the fact that the lecherous motives that initiated his new passion are made plain but somehow accepted, at least eventually, by family and audience. attitudes to ballroom dancing, as conveyed in the film, are definitely non-western, though the discipline and the music are clearly cultural imports to japan. the cultural contrasts are thus intriguing. even without the cultural insights, the colour, the dance and the enthusiasm of the players all make this a fun film to watch.
why has this not been released? i kind of thought it must be a bit rubbish since it hasn't been. how wrong can a girl be! this film is, in a word, enthralling. you will be captivated. it holds your attention from the start and its pace never slows. the final part of the film, the "episode" as it were (not giving anything away, you saw that in the trailer) is also unmissable. you will chose a favourite, you will be shocked, you wont be able to go and make a cup of coffee because you need to find out what happens. the adrenalin rises and you cant not watch. cudos to the actors, it's very believable. and it doesn't stop there, they have a final shock for you. it also makes you question reality tv and if you would watch. and how far away from this are we, really? endemol (who make big brother) made a tv show in holland last year offering a dying woman's kidney to patients in need of a transplant. the show was revealed at the end to be a hoax, ostensibly to raise awareness of organ donation, but are we getting too close for comfort?
when i saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. its greatness held my attention to such an extent that i focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration. i would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). the style of art is beautiful, the sound is perfect, and the symbolism within it is breathtaking. i've heard complaints about the weird insertion of english text in the movie, but i think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie. the self-attributed description of "hello kitty on acid" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions. i'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and see them.
i had just reached thirteen when i first saw this series and i am watching it again, on dvd, over thirty years later. the pictures over the opening credits have never left me. it has affected my view of the world and the peoples in it. my parents were with me long enough to have seen the series with me, and we always discussed the programme afterwards. it gave me a love for studying history and the highest marks i got in our school's public exams! sir laurence olivier's voice and delivery is timeless and perfect. i get the feeling that the people who lived through it would feel that this is their version of the history of the second world war. i cannot imagine ever getting bored looking at it. maybe an similar cold war series could now be contemplated, although who could replace sir laurence is difficult to imagine. buy it!
i only know of one other movie that could possibly compete with opening night and that's bergman';s persona. both movies are simply amazing, they have a richness of ideas hard to grasp at first sight. we have a profound meditation on the relation of art and life as one actress, myrtle gordon (gena rowlands), finds herself more in touch with the character she is playing on stage than she would want to. the accidental death of one of her fans, a young girl that declares her love for myrtle and she is then hit by a car, leaves a deep mark in the actress. she starts asking herself question related to her aging that starts to affect her until the only solution becomes alcohol. but that doesn't help to much and myrtle is one step away from complete madness. the scene where she kill the imaginary (or not) spirit of the dead girl is one of the most thrilling scenes i found in a cassavets film. the movie ends with a display of genius on behalf of the director as he films a theater scene where he himself and gena rowlands improvise a scene, since myrtle comes too drunk to the opening night to perform her part accurately. this scene was filmed spontaneously, with a live audience, the laughter is genuine, the chemistry between casavates and rowlands absolutely amazing. if you liked persona or are interested in a movie that offers substantial ideas alongside great entertainment this movie will suit you just fine.
in cold blood is masterfully directed and adapted by richard brooks. however, it's also so bent on being realistic, it's sometimes more clinical than entertaining. recounting the brutal killing of a midwest family, author truman capote focused on minutia, wrapping himself and the reader up in the subject and subjects! brooks departs wildly from that approach in favor of something closer to docudrama. although he films on actual locations, he keeps his distance. the murderers are portrayed as depraved imbeciles, which surely they were. they're not seen as misunderstood souls (as in the capote book) and the savagery of their act is horrifyingly blunt. scott wilson and robert blake are excellent as the killers as is the supporting cast, including john forsythe and paul stewart as the reporter (the capote "character?") the landmark photography is by the great conrad hall.
gus van sant has made some excellent films. i truly am a fan. however, i can't help but feel that the cerebral edge of tom robbins book "even cowgirls get the blues" is lost in translation to the big screen. alone, tom robbins and gus van sant are incredible visionaries and towers of talent. ultimately though this one just didn't work. it wasn't that the characters weren't well developed or the plot and content didn't come alive. it's just that our imaginations are much more powerful when reading a book like this. we're taken away to a different time and place and we sometimes think the worst and/or the best and it adds to the overall roller-coaster of the book as it neatly unfolds according to the author's precision. movies however can leave one with less of the imagination and emotion roller-coaster detracting from the overall experience. this is what i believe happened here. i suggest reading the book!
whatever you become in your life,you must never forget that you have roots.this is the story of true facts that was made into a beautiful and moving movie! i dare to say that this movie is well underrated.this shows us a reality of life...the more evil surrounds you ,the better person you become.trust in your instincts and be aware that the ideal of life is to live it happy...without grudges,without living "under a rock" . the movie concept is more that interesting...connecting the storytelling with real life events...keeping us aware of everything..from facts to emotions! bless these people and make everyone happy ! see it,i recommend it to all young people.it's not about racism it's about how to live your life !
the story-line was rather interesting, but the characters were rather flat and at times too extreme in their thoughts/behavior. more extreme than necessary. also, i think something went wrong in the casting. john turtorro doesn't really satisfy me playing a semi-autistic chess player, not to speak of the italian player. motives weren't very much outlined either.
this movie took my breath away at some points, i simply loved it! i admit that the character dialogs and storyline could have been done a bit better, but hey, this is just a simple (short) story of a couple of guys trying to slain a dragon, there's nothing more to it! the overall design, atmosphere, the beautiful landscapes... it's all just magical! they've put a lot of love in this movie. character designs were great and funny. a bit tim burton-ish if you like. i can recommend this movie to anyone interested in great design, displayed in a simple small, but lovely story.
saw this in preview- great movie- wonderful characterizations- witty and intelligent dialog- actors were fantastic- peter falk will be up for an oscar- paul reiser was charming- photography was marvelous reiser was at the theater when we saw the film, and he gave a vivid account about the making of the film- it had been a long dream of his to write a semi-autobiographical account of relationships between sons and fathers, and more specifically between him and his father- this was achieved in a dramatic and entertaining fashion- the supporting cast was well chosen and gave the film a feeling of family- i recommend this film to anyone who is longing to see intelligent drama and wonderful performances
though not seen in too many films prior, you have certainly seen the basic plot themes in too many films since. not one of grant's nor loy's best films, they make an outstanding effort together. after all, with that much talent and very good supporting cast, you know the laughs will be there. the film is light, has some dramatic spotting but keeps the plot moving and gets you to smile the whole way through. a great example of classic american film fare that has stood the test of time. definite saturday afternoon fare, heavy on the popcorn.
both my friend and i thought this movie was well done. we expected a light hearted comedy but got a full blown action movie with comic thrusts. we both thought that this movie may have not done so well at the box office as the previews lead us to believe it was a comedy. i was impressed with the supporting actors and of course dave morse always puts in a terrific acting job. most of the supporting cast are veterans not first timers and they were solid. we both felt that the writing and direction were first rate and made comments to each other about buying this movie. if you don't buy rent it for a good time.
this movie is a perfect portrayal of the nutcracker; the dancing is wonderful, the scenery in the background was excellent, and i loved that floating bed. oh, and the costumes... i particularly loved marzipan's, the tutu was adorable. the special effects were very well done (e.g. the tree, the bed, etc.), and i quite enjoyed the rats. i love how they didn't make them scary, but cute and huggable. except for the king, i suppose. if you're a thoroughly masculine person, you won't enjoy this, but this is a very good movie that's good for all ages - just not all levels of testosterone. but i have a few complaints. firstly, why did they have to put the sugar plum fairy's partner in those terrible tights? it would barely make a difference if he was butt naked! and secondly.. why on earth did they have to make culkin's outfit pink?
for a comedy this has a decent and inventive plot and trey parker and matt stone's comic timing is perfect. there are dozens of funny moments to this fantastic movie. i especially like the multitude of colors and the way the clash in the sports arena scenes. robert stacks unsolved mysteries spoof is also very amusing.
i have read modesty blaise for several years now, collecting numbers of the strip. after the fiasco movie made many years ago based on the first book "modesty blaise" i was surprised the result got this good. what i got was a movie not based on action or violence. the director had focused on history and psychology. how was modesty created based on the own tale and what parts in her life was affected by her non-childhood. i think this thougths will give a greater understanding to the next (i hope) film. i simply loved the movies old-fashioned style. however everything wasn't that good, the gambling wasn't that good. almost boring and unreal. the acting could have been improved too. i'm not thinking the bad guy in this movie felt real, the only reason he was there was so modesty could have someone to tell her story for. also they could have expanded the movie, showing more about when she builds up "the network" but i'll guess thats for the next movie. and please forgive me for my bad english
it's hard for me to criticize anything that mitzi kapture does. she just radiates beauty and grace on the screen and is a phenomenal actress. that notwithstanding, yes, the plot was predictable. i think perhaps if jill had slept with richard then it may have made him a little crazier than he already was, which would have added more to the suspense. it would have also been nice to see jill and her husband find out about richard's little problem with his ex-wife, maybe a bit more back story. i was a little disappointed with the ending of the movie. i would have liked to have seen more closure with zack's death and possibly closure with her husband. i do have to say though, i will never be able to look at a flare gun and not picture her standing there. it was a very fitting end for richard. of course, mitzi rocked! i am so looking forward to her future projects.
other than susan hayward's wooden delivery throughout this film it was as good as any biblical film made. henry king handles this film with the respect of an epic in all of the small scenes, and peck is, as always, impeccable. the stirring alfred newman sound score, with the stirring twenty-third psalm is unforgettable even after these many years. the scene with goliath is a bit on the hokey side, but not all that badly done for the era in which this film was made. this goes well alongside the lesser bible epics of the day, "the song of ruth" and "esther and the king." it is worth watching, and raymond massy is excellent as the prophet nathan. the film is rounded out by the always fine james robertson justice as abishai and jayne meadows as michol, david's estranged first wife.
this is truly one from the "golden age" of hollywood, the kind they do not make anymore. it is an unique, fun movie that keeps you guessing what is going to happen next. all the actors are perfectly cast and they are all great supporting actors. this is the first movie i saw with ronald colman in it and i have been a fan of his ever since. reginald gardiner has always been a favorite supporting actor of mine and adds a certain quality to every movie he is in. while he played a different kind of character here, he still added something to the movie that another actor cast in this character would not have added.
i first saw the trailer for frailty on yahoo movies way back in the day, after hearing stephen king praise it to high heaven. not really a fan of either star, i still wanted to see it because i'm a huge thriller fan. i was not disappointed. the acting was superb, especially from the two young boys. usually i loathe child actors, but young adam and young fenton were excellent. bill paxton really did a good job of directing it too. it was beautifully shot. one must also note the plot twists. the three twists at the end hit hard and fast, and i didn't see them coming. the final twist of the film, coupled with the gravity of what had just been revealed, gives me chills to this day, even though i've re-watched the film so many times. a true gem.
it is a rare occasion when i want to see a movie again. "the amati girls" is such a movie. in old time movie theaters i would have stayed put for more showings. was this story autobiographical for the writer/director? it has the aura of reality. the all star cast present their characters believably and with tenderness. who would not want mercedes ruehl as an older sister? i have loved her work since "for roseanna". with most movies, one suspends belief because we know that it is the work of actors, producers, directors, sound technicians, etc. it was hard to suspend such belief in "the amati girls". one feels such a part of this family! how i wanted to come to the defense of dolores when her family is stifling her emotional life. and wanted to cheer lee grant as she levels criticism at cloris leachman's hair color. the humor throughout is not belly laugh humor, but instead has a feel-good quality that satisfies far more than pratfalls and such. the love that is portrayed in this cinema family is to be emulated and cherished. it is no coincidence that the family name, amati, translated from the italian means 'the loved ones'.
forbidden planet is one of the best examples of hollywood sf films. its influence was felt for more than a decade. however, certain elements relating to how this wide-screen entertainment was aimed at a mid-fifties audience that is now gone have dated it quite a bit, and the film's sometimes sluggish pacing doesn't help. but, the story's compelling central idea involving the ancient,extinct krell civilization and "monsters from the id" hasn't lost its appeal and continue to make this film a relevant "must see" movie. what i'm mostly interested in saying here is that the current dvd for this movie is terrible. the movie has never really looked that good on home video and it's elements are in dire need of restoration. i hope that will happen soon and we get a special edition of this sf classic.
i enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film and was intrigued about this female painter i had never heard of before. so i set out exploring her life and work afterwards. as could be expected, i found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. i was a little astounded however by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. come on, guys, a film isn't and shouldn't be a biography (nor a novel!). any historical film distorts reality, because it should be a work of art in its own right. a film director is fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. artemisia is a wonderful film and i think it brought many people (including some that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this fascinating artist.
i haven't read this book, but all through the movie i was awestruck with only one thought in my head: this is so vonnegut. i have never seen an author, all of the intelligence and life behind the workings of a novel, translated so well to film. this movie had the same complexities found in vonnegut's novels: the jokes were often meaningful and symbolic, and the dramatic events and symbols were often also jokes. campbell was also a very vonnegut character, portrayed perfectly by nick nolte. he had all of the earmarks of a vonnegut "hero": lack of concern for political boundaries, ironic dark humor giving way to dumb inactivity in response to stress, and an unwillingness to push his version of reality on those around him. overall, i was constantly surprised and impressed as i watched this movie. it was the same feeling i had reading "cat's cradle," my first vonnegut novel, as if the most perfectly oddball thing that could happen, he thought of that, and he made it real and important. yes, he has nothing but army surplus "white christmas" albums. so it goes!
the sopranos is arguably the greatest show in dramatic television history. its hard to think of another series that boasts so much intelligence, sublime writing or first rate performances. across its epic scope it produces fresh and iconic characters and a constant level of high quality. centering around the life of one tony soprano, a man who lives in two families. one is the conventional wife and two kids nuclear family the other a huge new jersey mafia group, of which he is the boss of both. played by james gandolfini, of true romance and the mexican fame, tony is a fascinating, scary but also likable guy. full praise must be given to gandolfini for making a womanising and horrifically aggressive brute a genuinely identifiable and perfect leading man. contemporay american drama has never had such an arresting and iconic figure as tony. the cast of hundreds never boasts a flat performance and such stand out characters like paulie walnuts and ralph cifaretto will stick in your memory for ever. the true genius of this tale however, is the creator and writers bravery and revolutionary take on a conventional drama series. twenty minute long dream sequences, powerful and original use of symbolism and metaphorical imagery and truly shocking scenes of violence. yet all this style is met by truly touching themes of love, honour and respect for family. the series never becomes cold hearted or gratuitous. with tv now competitive and often poor the sopranos stands tall above the rest as america's most original and compelling drama. forget family redifined. this is television redifined.
meryl streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous lindy chamberlain who was accused and tried for allegedly killing her own baby azaria chamberlain and using her alibi of ravenous dingoes as her defense. based on the book "evil angels" and titled so in its australian release, a cry in the dark is an ugly film to watch. it presents a scenario that's all too real for us in america: the witch-hunt against a person deemed an easy target. lindy chamberlain was this woman. being someone who spoke her mind, someone who didn't play the sympathy card, and someone who was just tough enough to move on with her life despite her horrific ordeal, she was labeled as suspect and hated beyond comprehension even when it was clear she didn't kill her own child. the media began a tightening noose and a progressive invasion of privacy that soon had the entire nation glued to their sets as they eviscerated this family piece by piece. and through it all, lindy remained as stoic as ever, even when her husband michael was falling apart. this stance, of course, is the power of strength, as unsympathetic as it may look like, and people happen to react strongly to that. they want to see a distressed mother cry and weep and occasionally faint at every turn, not sit there and look blank. people don't understand that not everyone grieves the same way and when someone decides to stand strong they begin speculations. meryl streep embodies this tainted woman to the hilt and in doing so creates a cold, but not unfeeling woman, one that stood by her convictions even if they cost her liberty. because of her, sam neill is allowed to have his character slowly dissolve into despair -- someone has to, or the chamberlains would be too detached, and no one wants to see that. except the monster that has at the time of this writing become the news-media. they'll always eat train wrecks up and feed the mangled manure to the uninformed public.
"father of the pride " was another of those good shows that unfortunately don't have a very long life . and that is pretty sad ,specially if you consider that almost all the time the worst shows are still on air ( think in "the simple life ") i admit that are many similarities with this show and "the simpsons" ,but despite the similarities ,the show have it own merits . the animation is just adequate ,not incredible ,but is good .the best are the characters . all the animals are very likable and funny , and even sigfried and roy had their moments . the music was good ,i liked many of the songs . even if the show isn't very original ,i think that this had lots of potential .like "mission hill " a show that isn't very famous but i liked a lot , this didn't have the appreciation that it deserved . what a shame .
terrfic film with a slightyly slow start - give it a chance to start cooking. story builds in interest and complexity. characters and storyline subvert expectation and cliche at all the right moments. superb new york city locations - gritty, real - are a fantastic antidote to the commercial imperatives of "sex in the city" - in fact, the entire film is an antidote to the hbo/hollywood notion of new york city , sex and relationships. it's a rare film that treats its characters so honestly and compassionately. loved it! great cast with notable performances by steve buscemi, rosario dawson, and her love interest (forgot his name!).
it was a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoyed it a lot, the characters in the show were great as well, and complimented one another well. i was sorry to see it cut off.. i would have loved to see where it could have went.you found yourself leaning toward lucas buck the sheriff who had more secrets than anyone. lucas was frightening and alluring. and i would have liked to have seen more of him and how his character became. i will however buy the show just to enjoy, it was great to something different on tv. and paige turrco who was caleb's cousin, she was a big mystery as to where and what she meant to lucas. its a shame it isn't around still.. or was never finished, i would have loved to see what would have happened.
trudy lintz (rene russo) was one very fortunate lady many years ago. she was the wife of a wealthy doctor and had lots of extracurricular money. her passion was animals and she devoted herself to providing a sanctuary for the furry ones on her property grounds. trudy also raised two chimps in her home to be more like children. they dressed in clothes and had many amenities. one day, she learns of an abandoned baby gorilla. knowing nothing about the large apes, she relies on her husband's medical abilities and expert advice to save the gorilla's life. once out of danger, trudy decides she will raise the gorilla, also, as one of her children. this works well for years and buddy, the gorilla, is truly a remarkably intelligent addition to her home. but, buddy is also a gorilla and his strength and curiosity become quite enormous. will trudy be able to keep buddy under control? for those who love animals, buddy is a must-see movie. based on a true story, trudy and her ape develop a relationship that is unique in the annals of animal history and lore. of course, buddy is not a real gorilla but a mechanical one, in the film, but he is very close to seeming totally real. russo gives a nice performance as a lady ahead of her time and the supporting players are also quite nice. the costumes are exemplary, as befitting the earlier era of the story, and the settings and production values outstanding. but, most importantly, animals are here in abundance, not only buddy, but the adorable chimps, the ducks, the rabbits, and so forth. for those who want to watch a film and be transported to animal heaven, here on earth, this is a great movie choice. all animal lovers, and even those who just want to watch a great family film, will go "ape" over buddy.
my definition of a great movie is if you want to continue to see it over again. this movie for some reason strikes a cord in me even though the scenes with scott glenn still make me winch; i watch it over and over again and love the music!
this isn't exactly a great film, but i admire the writers and director for trying something a little different. the film's main theme is fate and small, seemingly insignificant things that can greatly change the future. in some ways this reminds me of the film sliding doors, though instead of focusing on one random event, seemingly random stuff happens repeatedly and each one helps build to the cute conclusion. plus, an odd bald guy seems to understand all this and he talks about this during one brief scene--like he's some sort of omnipotent being but there's absolutely no explanation of him in the film (like the two guys that fight each other in the clock tower in the hudsucker proxy). the dvd jacket shows just audrey tautou. this is capitalize on her success in amelie, though she is only one of many actors in the film and there is no one starring role. the pace is brisk, the acting fine and the conclusion isn't bad at all. the only reason i didn't score it higher is that some of the characters were a bit uninteresting and i think the movie could have perhaps been tightened up with a few less subplots.
creature comforts in america should have been released on a different network, or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. unfortunately, this was not the case. given that american audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will be few and far between. one of the main problems was that however brilliant it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. which is sad, but not unexpected. i would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct dvd release. the material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. but thanks to political correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.
i believe this is the most powerful film hbo pictures has made to date. this film should have been released in theaters for the public to view on the big screen. it is available on video so make sure you look for it and check it out. chris gerolmo did a great job with the direction and the screenplay. the performances from stephen rea, donald sutherland and jeffery demunn are flawless. a masterpiece of the genre.
my favorite movie. what a great story this really was. i'd just like to be able to buy a copy of it but this does not seem possible.
it's rare that i sit down in front of the tv specifically to watch a particular programme. it's even rarer when i actually enjoy the programme in the end, but last of the blonde bombshells was one of the best movies i think i've seen. a remarkable cast, led by dame judi dench and ian holm, and an excellent, witty and poignant script combined to make it a truly rewarding experience. i can't really express how good i thought it was, so i won't try, i'll just say, if you get the opportunity, please see it!!!! i only hope it comes out on video.
astounding.....this may have been a poor attempt at remaking the already recreated omen movie, but i sure enjoyed it. that last man who commented is a fool, this movie was one of a kind, and the music dark, jerry goldsmith himself, would had applaud this movie. great recommendations from myself to watch or buy this film. i collect horror movies and soundtracks, so listen to what i have to say, not that other idiot. there is only one thing that do not fascinate me, the endings. according to prophecy it is all inaccurate, including final conflict, and left behind. but my conclusion being.... there great movies...and should be seen, before the great depression falls upon us, and before the democrats take over the presidency too. so signed....jacob eder...a farmer, with a mastermind.
this movie is very entertaining, and any critique is based on personal preferences - not the films quality. other than the common excessive profanity in some scenes by murphy, the film is a great vehicle for his type of humor. it has some pretty good special effects, and exciting action scenes. as a finder of lost children, murphy's character starts off looking for a missing girl, which leads him on the path for which others believe he was "chosen" - - to protect the golden child. the young boy is born as an enlightened one, destined to save the world from evil forces, but whose very life is in danger, if not for the help of murphy, and his beautiful, mysterious and mystical helper/guide/protector. also, there are moments of philosophical lessons to challenge the audience members who are interested in pondering deep thoughts. one such scene is where the golden child, that murphy's character is solicited to protect, is tested by the monks of the mountain temple. an elderly monk presents a tray of ornamental necklaces for the child to choose from, and the child is tested on his choice. this is a fantasy/comedy that is based on the notion that there are both good and evil forces in our world of which most people are completely unaware. as we accept this premise of the plot, we must let go of our touch with a perceived daily reality, and prepare for the earth and walls to crumble away, and reveal a realm of evil just waiting to destroy us. this is an excellent movie, with a good plot, fine acting, and for the most part, pretty decent dialogue combining a serious topic with a healthy balance of martial art fighting, and eddie murphy humor.
deeply humorous yet honest comedy about a bunch of grownups (bill paxton, julie warner, kevin pollak, elizabeth perkins, vincent spano, matt craven, and diane lane) who are invited back to spend a week to tomawka, a camp in (ontario) canada by their former consuelor (alan arkin). writer/director mike binder drew upon his experience at the same camp as the main source of creating a gentle and understanding yarn that makes sense. also, the movie has plenty of funny moments, some of which are completely bizarre like my favorite, the one involves using masking tape. newton thomas sigel ("the usual suspects", "three kings") provides the film with some impressive shots of the canadian wilderness. among the cast, sam raimi, director of "the evil dead" films and "the gift", appears here as arkin's bumbling right-hand man. one more thing, this film reassured me that a camp doesn't have to be a site of bloody murders.
first-time director tom kiesche turns in a winning film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early coen brother's film blood simple ... and throw in some monty python flavorings to boot! needs to seen more than once to appreciate all the elements that carry one scene to the next. expect more good things to come from this writer-director-actor.
for what it is, "raising victor vargas" is about as close to perfection as a film can get. either sheer genius from a fledgling auteur or just one of those lucky mixes where everything clicked (probably some of each), this simple little slice-of-urban-life ethnic first love flick fleshes out its young characters with such depth you can almost read their minds. the film begins with a strong flavor of "street" but works its way into a latino family affair and then focuses on a story which speaks volumes about the uncertainty of youth and the profoundly natural desire to love another. in my experience, never has so much been done with so little (cast of tyros, novice director, etc.). praised by the critics but not for everyone, "raising victor vargas" is recommended for indie lovers and realists into simple tales rich in humanness. (a)
this is an early film "pilot" for the hit canadian tv show trailer park boys. it was played to executives at a few networks before showcase decided to sign them up for a tv series. great acting and a very funny cast make this one of the best cult comedy films. the movie plot is that these two small time criminals go around "exterminating" peoples pets for money. if you have a dog next door whos barking all night these are the guys you go to! but they get into trouble when they come across a job too big for them to deal with and end up in a shootout. watch this movie if you want to understand the beginning of the tv series. i highly recommend it! rated r for swearing, violence, and drug use. its not too offensive either (they dont actually show killing animals)
this is what the musical genre was made of. humor, talent, romance, and action all rolled into one. frank sinatra was wonderful. nothing else needs to be said. marlon brando, although not a singer, did a great job winning the hearts of many with his portrayal of sky masterson. the fact that he couldn't sing added to his character. the ladies in the film were alright, but the men in the movie definitely stole the show. it is a true classic that can be appreciated at any age. it connects with all audiences and makes you smile and laugh. definitely a movie to be watched and enjoyed!
this movie is not for everyone. you're either bright enough to get "it" or you're not. fans of sci-fi films who don't take themselves too seriously definitely will enjoy this movie. i recommend this movie for those who can appreciate spoofs and parodies. everyone i've recommended this film to has enjoyed it. if you enjoy monty python or mel brooks films, you'll probably enjoy this one. the voice characterizations are done in a tongue-in-cheek manner and the one-liners fly fast and furious.
who doesn't have unresolved issues with parents? and which parents don't have unresolved issues with each other? i know, that sounds heavy. but this is played for laughs in the movie, making both the comedy better and the drama better. i've always like paul reiser and peter falk, and although i was a bit concerned that their star qualities might be too big for a small movie, i was enchanted from the very first scene. especially entertaining were the discoveries that the son makes about his father as a person. and peter falk's monologue about being a hard-working, sacrificing father and husband was the perfect balancing point. without that scene being acted so well, the movie would have seemed far less nuanced, and the character far less interesting. nicely done, paul and peter!
i saw this film on television and fascinated by the beauty of jennifer mccomb. it was a neat film and you can watch it for the beauty of africa and of course mccomb. at that time i was thrilled watching this movie and from then onwards i am trying for vcd of this film but i am unable to find it. huge african lions makes appearance int his film and we will be spell bounded simply by the size of those animals and grace of them. all section of audience can watch this movie particularly children will enjoy this film. but some scenes involving mccomb forces parental guidance for this film. it is a enjoyable holiday movie for one and all.
the haunted world of edward d. wood, jr. isn't a particularly good documentary. aesthetically, it's lackluster and cheap looking, the people in it go off on tangents which make it very unfocused and in-cohesive, but this adds to it's charm. i say this because it's a documentary about an oddball that made oddball pictures and surrounded himself with fellow oddballs and, as such, there's really no other way to document the life and career of the man and his crew of misfits. there are some glimpses of insight into both the genius and the ineptness of wood, and the portrayal of both qualities is a credit to the genuineness of the documentary. overall, it's worth a watch for the wood fan and those of cinema in general, but don't expect brilliance here. expect a documentary made after wood's own heart.
the reason why i say this is because i wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until i was asked to see the film. i wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. because alan dobie was a friend of mine, i got to hear about it. i had only written a first draft so i was understandably worried when i heard that it was on the floor. i asked peter collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. i also asked if i could i see my original script because i had lost it. i was told, too late. so i did the only thing i could do under the circumstances and took my name off. i had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. then i was invited to see the finished film. i was so impressed that i very quickly asked to have my name put back on. it's a beautifully made piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, i expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if i had it wouldn't be so good. i would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? i would also love to see the film again, i only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in soho.
this is a good movie, but it is not recommended if you don't like intelligent movies. it's about two guys that wish that the world would go away,and that's exactly what they get. the acting is great, the ending was not predictable,and it actually had a good story unlike most movies these days. people complain about the movie being too simple or too boring. i think they should just stick to movies like the toxic avenger (i actually like b movies) or the grim adventures of billy and mandy. one note: if you notice this, this has exactly the same actors from cube except four actors. make it two notes: wait after the credits (trust me on this one). enjoy the movie.
this movie, which starts out with a interesting opening of two hot blondes getting it on in the back of a driver-less, moving vehicle, has quite the quirky little personality to boot. the cast of seven (although one girl doesn't hang around for the bodycount, which is unfortunate because the death toll is already so small as is) are all super-hot, as our story centers around teens partying way out in the desert (an odd but effective choice of setting), who are hunted down by a creepy man in black gloves and jeans who drives a black truck. it predates many of the vehicle-inspired slashers to date ("the trip", "joy ride", "jeepers creepers") where the killer's vehicle itself becomes an evil antagonist. the killer himself is quite creepy, and we find solace in the extremely likable heroine in jennifer mcallister (look at the interesting symbolic contrast of the evil killer in all black, while our benevolent heroine sports all white attire, as scanty and stonewashed as it may be). director bill crain does some really great things with his camera, some neat tricks on screen, and the cast tries their absolute best. there's enough gore in the low bodycount to please the gore fans, and enough t&a from a couple of the girls to please t&a fans. overall, this flick is highly underrated and widely sought out in the slasher movie world as it's proved quite rare to find on video. highly recommended.
i went to see fever pitch with my mom, and i can say that we both loved it. it wasn't the typical romantic comedy where someone is pining for the other, and blah blah blah... you weren't waiting for the climatic first kiss or for them to finally get together. it was more real, because you saw them through the relationship, rather than the whole movie be about them getting together. people could actually relate to the film, because it didn't seem like extraordinary circumstances, or impossible situations. it was really funny, and i think it was jimmy fallon's best performance. all in all... i would definitely recommend it!
darius goes west is a film depicting american belief that everything is possible if you try hard enough. this wonderful fun filled and sometimes heartbreaking film shows a young man who never expected, but longed to see, what was outside the confines of his lovely city of athens, ga. darius wished to see the ocean. his longtime friends logan, ben and several other good friends decided to make darius' wish come true. they started small - ben & logan's mom started an email campaign to bring awareness to darius' condition: duchenne muscular dystrophy and to raise funds for the fellas to take darius to not only see the ocean but to see these great united states. to say the young college buddies succeeded in bringing hope and awareness to this dreaded disease would be an understatement. they realized darius' dream and then some. they put their lives on hold while showing love, care and tons of fun to darius while helping darius see how he can in turn show those same traits to others suffering from dmd. darius went on to volunteer for the red cross - sitting in his chair collecting money (along with his buddies) outside a local grocery store. his wonderful smile tells the world that dreams do come true - all you need is hope and a group of college friends to support and care for you. give darius and all the guys an oscar - no one else deserves it more. martha sweeney.
clara bow's beauty and wonderful appeal are the chief reason to watch this film. "hula" is not quite up to par with clara's best films but it is still enjoyable. she dances, she rides her horse, and pursues the man that she loves. this film is just over an hour in length and was directed by future oscar winner victor fleming (gone with the wind).the film moves quickly and clara bow has lots of screen time. if you like clara, i would reccomend "hula."
ok where do i begin?... this movie changed my life! the plot was seamless. james cahill has out done himself. initially after a first viewing i was disappointed that i hadn't seen it on the silver screen. however this was before exploring the dvd's many features!!!! oh my god jakes cahill's commentary of the film was almost as flawless as his acting. he told of industry secrets used in the film that you only get with experience. i was so impressed by the other actors. the scene where the security guard is talking to the girl in the hallway, reminded me of some of my favorite blue (pornographic) movies. i am certainly with gangsta when he expresses his disappointment with no sequel. i am still blown away with each viewing of the martial arts skills involved, matched only by the sign indicating the location of the library at the school... and possibly the guy playing a retard! all in all a timeless classic and the best film to come out of europe in years! where my oscars at dawn!!!!!!!!!!!
this is one of the funniest movies that i have seen this year. the people that made it must be so incredibly whacked and twisted. it is a beautiful thing. there were a lot of quality one-liners. this movie blew uncle sam out of the water (it was made by tha same people, i think)
to finally see what many consider to be the greatest women-in-prison film of all time, i felt like i had accomplished something as ridiculous as that sounds. boy, it sure contained the elements i expected, and delivered so much more. a constant i'm discovering in these films is the toughness and grit of the actresses in the roles of prisoners preparing for escape while their threshold, tolerance, and resolve(..not to mention sanity)being tested by their superiors. while most of them were hired for the way they look naked, because the nature of the genre demands such gratuitous elements, something else emerges, other attributes, such as attitude and guts, that i ultimately respond to. this, as you may know all too well, was demme's debut for his mentor roger corman, and he provides the target audience with exactly what they desire while putting his own stamp on the proceedings. for instance, there are bizarre dreams certain characters have which define their current psychological states(..there's a particular number featuring warden barbara steele where she reminded me of alex de large of a clockwork orange). the film has female prisoners planning a daring escape, tired of the crazed antics of their wheel-chair bound warden and her nutty prison doc, randolph(warren miller). juanita brown is maggie, the tough, sassy sister who is fed up with the environment and will do whatever it takes to get out. she's the one all the girls fear to cross. erica gavin is jacqueline wilson, the newest prisoner who was busted by police and sentenced for the murder of a cop, unwilling to give up the names of those she was involved with. roberta collins is belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best pals with pandora(ella reid). belle becomes the obsession of randolph who promises superintendent mcqueen(steele)that through a surgical procedure he can remove her violent tendencies. drugging her up, randolph takes nude pictures and sodomizes her, whimpering like a little girl due to his own mental deficiencies while hugging her naked body in his arms. cheryl rainbeaux smith is lavelle, in prison for life for murdering a scumbag whose relative was a senator. lavelle receives work in randolph's office and is the one responsible for relating his dirty antics to pandora. demme effectively builds the movie to the expected finale as a planned break-out, using those behind the various traumas inflicted on the prisoners as hostages, with gunfire erupting. i was quite impressed with the photographic work of long time demme collaborator, cinematographer tak fujimoto, as he is able to establish some visually arresting moments within the cramped confines of the prison, cells and rooms, not an easy task. the prison is appropriately crummy and the girls, despite being quite attractive, look the part of desperate inmates longing, yearning from the very pits of their souls, to escape such horrid entrapment. steele is superb as the warden, understanding how to take the role close to the brink without going to far, candidly able to express the madness of her repressed character within a restraint..notice how she works her glasses and settles herself without blowing her top particularly when certain behaviors she has contempt for push her teetering to the edge. cale's bluesy score is incredibly depressing, while also casting a wink to the audience that the movie is still fun-and-games..i think cale's score mirrors demme's handling of the material. cale and demme's partnership is an uncanny alliance that presents the setting as a sad, isolating, oppressive place, while, almost simultaneously, showcasing a humorous tone that permeates due to the colorful characters thanks in part to the personalities of the cast. my favorite scene happens outside the prison, as two of our girls(..joining forces with a third)interrupt a bank robbery already in progress..the kicker is it was a bank they were planning to rob! as you might expect, you get naked women in showers, prisoner in solitary, a cat fight, shootouts, attempted escapes which go awry, and other exploitative elements(..such as a horrifying shock therapy session, not to exclude the shocking aforementioned sequence where the screwy doc takes advantage of belle). interesting enough, demme relates the film to the audience without a whiff of pretension, understanding exactly the kind of movie he was making.
i do find it a bit overrated. maybe it's just because i've never seen a subtitled version (dubbing stinks!), but i just don't get into it like a lot of other people do. the finale is really great though as jackie trashes a mall, a scene that plays in my head every time i go shopping!
i found this a very entertaining small kids movie that actually is geared more for adults with a lot of jokes and humor only they would understand. a few things are inappropriate for the kiddies, but just a few. othewise, "the grinch" (jim carrey) cracks so many jokes you can't keep up with them all, ranging from sexual to cultural to insider-hollywood to racial. the film is very colorful and looks great on dvd. the little girl in here, "cindy lou who" (taylor momsen) is really cute and the costumes and hairdos of the little people in here are fun to view. anthony hopkins' voice is pleasing, too, so having his narrate this elevates the movie further. his rhymes are fun to hear. i saw this in the theater, though it was "fair," but on dvd, it was far better. i've seen in three times and it got better each time.
richard willaims is an animation god. he was hampered in directing this film by the producer. the final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, but some amazing moments of animation (like emery hawkins' "greedy"). joe raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. it was made in wide screen so the vhs doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed dvd someday. still it's worth watching for some eye popping animation.
i was adopted at birth and certainly did not have the problems antwone fisher had in the movie, but i still share some of the emotions and this movie really helped to bring them out and force me to deal with them. it even caused me to realize that i do have a "missing piece" and i am going to seek out my birthparents now. i cried for almost a day after i saw this the first time. antwone's confrontation with his birthmother juxtaposed with his father's family's reaction to his sudden appearance are powerful for those of us who don't know what will happen if we find our birth parents. and his self-confidence and self affirmations to his mother and against the abusers of his past were so powerful. i could really identify with this and my need to tell people "yeah, i was put aside by my parents when i was born. but another set of parents picked me up and loved me. and now i am a success!" it also helped my wife understand me and our adopted children, who did go through tragic experiences before they came to our home. and it helped me to realize just how messed up our social system is. if you remember reading the story last year about the foster kid in florida who was "lost" and then the "miranda & ashley" story in oregon city where scf ignored multiple sexual abuse complaints about the man who ultimately killed them and the week this movie was released, yet another story in new jersey of three kids who were ignored by the system. one died. the state apparently thought the home they were in was ok because the guardian was employed (as a stripper) and "only occasionally" used heroin! there are just so many issues that are brought out in this movie - and they are dealt with so well by the script and by the acting that antwone fisher should be a "best picture" nominee for sure. no matter if you are adopted or not, it is a heart-tugger that can't be ignored by anyone concerned about children in our society.
what we have here is a damn good little nineties thriller that, while perhaps lacking in substance, still provides great entertainment throughout it's running time and overall does everything you could possibly want a film of this nature to do. i saw this film principally because it was directed by john dahl - a highly underrated director behind great thrillers such as the last seduction, rounders and roadkill. i figured that if this film was up to standard of what i've already seen from the director, it would be well worth watching - and red rock west is certainly a film that dahl can be proud of. the plot focuses on the overly moral michael; a man travelling across america looking for work. he ends up finding it one day when he stumbles upon a bar in red rock county - only catch is that the job is to murder a man's wife. he's been mistaken for a killer named lyle, but instead of doing the job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to make a getaway. however, his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real lyle turns up... john dahl appears to enjoy setting thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier with kill me again, and again almost a decade on from this film with roadkill. it's not hard to see why dahl chooses this sort of location, as it provides a fabulous atmosphere for a thriller the likes of this one. dahl also provides his film with a 'film noir' like atmosphere, as the plot mainly focuses on the central character and the word he is plunged into is full of dark and mysterious characters. the acting is largely very good, with nicholas cage doing an excellent job in the lead role, and getting a-class support from lara flynn boyle, j.t. walsh and, of course, dennis hopper; who once again commands the screen with his over the top performance. it has to be said that the second half of the film isn't as gripping as the first, but red rock west certainly is never boring and the way that dahl orchestrates the grand finale is excellent in that all the central characters get to be a part of it. overall, red rock west is a film that you're unlikely to regret watching. it's thrilling throughout, and you can't ask for much more than that!
i bought the video rather late in my collecting and probably would have saved a lot of money if i bought it earlier. it invariably supersedes anything else on those "cosmo's moon" nights. cher and olympia certainly deserve their awards but this is really a flawless ensemble performance of a superb screenplay. what? you don't know what a "cosmo's moon" is?
not sure if this counts as a spoiler or not, so beware: just a small but crucial thing to watch for, an intriguing possibility: the boys steal a green citroen at one point, for a joy ride, and return it to the owner having done purposeful and vengeful hidden damage to the car, hoping that the owner will crash. is it the very same car they steal much later from the picnicking family? we know the original owner sold it. they drive off at the end on a dangerous road, one which i understand has been closed to all but pedestrians for the last ten years. a whole new slant to the end of the film. on another matter, this film could have been called "scent of a woman". i don't recall another film, certainly not american, that treats the scent of a woman in such a frank and open manner, much like the "nose" of a fine bordeaux.
the magnetism radiated from elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. with her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. as an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. as initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. she symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. the other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. in the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. the end result is that while elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. fortunately, i have such ability and found the film to be a delightful charmer. best quote: bob redding: how's your head? elvira: i haven't had any complaints.
okay, there are a ton of reviews here, what can i possibly add? i will try anyway. the reason this is my favorite scrooge is because of everything. the sets, outdoor locations, costumes are so beautiful and authentic. the music is sweet. the supporting cast is very well done. one of my favorites is the narrator & nephew, played by roger rees. his understated sincerity is touching and his voice is the sound of christmas to me. david warner is also a totally believable bob cratchit. his is a difficult life, but he remains positive and dignified. the best part of course- is george c. scott as ebenezer scrooge. some have said his portrayal too gruff. i couldn't disagree more. his exchanges at the beginning while cold or harsh, weren't out of character. he is a terribly disillusioned man who's heart has been hardened by the vicissitudes of life and his own lust for wealth. during the flashbacks, it's obvious that he isn't all gruff. this is where we see that there is hope for him. if he was totally gone, his partner marley would never have come for his sake in the first place. and after all, we are none of us past hoping. i think that is a huge part of what dickens was trying to say. when scrooge looks in on his dance at his employer's with belle, you see him smile regretfully as he tells belle in the flashback that he will go through life "with a grin on my face." clive donner was smart enough as the director to allow these moments on film. sometimes they get left on the editing room floor. and finally, his conversion is so absolutely full of joy that it makes me cry tears of joy every time i see it. his apology to his nephew fred, so sincere, so moving, it is the spirit not only of christmas, but of humanity itself. the joy he brings to fred, to his wife are so apparent. and the line that gets me every time, "god forgive me for the time i've wasted." bravi tutti!
this is the movie i've seen more times than any other (i believe i saw it on average once every year since it was released). and every time i see it, it is equally fantastic and always reveals something new to me. the cast was most probably a combination of the very best there ever was in ex yu cinematography. this movie is an absolute must for any self respecting movie lover. in the same league: maratonci trce pocasni krug, balkanski spijun and otac na sluzbenom putu. this is a poker of movies everyone should have in his private video collection.
i bought this cheap from the rental remnant at our local store. it was in almost mint condition, and i'd never heard of it before. clearly nobody else had either. i can't believe my luck. you go through the whole realm of emotions and it attempts to get over a complex message - the very moral and non-triumphalist stance of the mandela party, undoubtedly. despite its enormous length (i had to watch it in two sittings) - it was like a book one couldn't put down. perhaps the songs are not all that memorable, but the spirit of the thing glows on forever. i cannot understand comments that a musical (clearly designed for stage) is not realistic! i've seen "south pacific" and read the book too, and can guarantee that musical is not realistic compared to the book. i'll treasure this little find until it wears out. one day they'll make this again on a better budget.
it's not well shot, well written or well acted but it has to be the most addictive show i've seen since twin peaks. every single revelation is timed so well that you have to see the next episode to get any kind of closure. they have even slowed down the pace of the show where they only reveal tiny amounts of information per episode however it feels like they've just told you everything you wanted to know. however some of the acting is just about awful and some of the duologue is downright brutal. some characters are very two dimensional. the more experienced actors like locke and ecko really stand out over actors who play jack, kate, sayid and so on. the development of the show can also be very frustrating as the following episode may not show what the previous episode lead up to. annoying side plots have become part of the story that sometimes tell you nothing. however, the second season has developed to a point where back stories reveal more about the island than they had previously. all in all its a great show but not perfect.
i thought this movie was stunning, with completely outstanding performances by valentina cervi (artemisia gentileschi). cervi portrays artemisia so beautifully, with tentative yet confidant mannerisms, her hands mapping out an idea before moving her models into place. the passion to which artemisia gives to her art is just spectacular to watch. although not each character was overtly beautiful, this made the film more realistic as the facial hair and clothing was perfect for that point in time. overall i thought this film was fantastic.
have to be honest and say that i haven't seen many independent films, but i thought this one was very well done. the direction and cinematography were engaging without becoming a distraction. the angles, settings, and lighting used successfully created the nightmarish world in which the main character was trapped. many haunting and memorable images from the film stick in your mind long after it's over (always a sign of a good director).
for those of you who love lord of the rings and love special effects, watch this movie! this will be sure to keep you glued to the screen. you will probably even like it if you like watching people fight with magical stuff.
thank god this wasn't based on a true story, because what a story it is. populated by despicable characters whose depravity knows no bounds, before the devil is a mesmerizing, jaw-dropping excursion into perversion which would be laughable (and sometimes is, even with - or perhaps because of - the sickeningly tragic undercurrent of human dysfunction throughout) if it weren't carried out with such magnificent, overwhelming conviction by its stars. the excellent script by kelly masterson and superb direction by none other than sidney lumet doesn't hurt either. the main dysfunction here is of a family nature, with the two majorly screwed up brothers (brilliant portrayals from philip seymour hoffman and ethan hawke) deciding to rob their own parents' jewelry store, an attempt that goes pathetically awry. the story is told with time-shifts (which are noted on screen, such as: "charlie: two days before the robbery", so no one should be confused); some people have said they didn't like this device but i thought it worked perfectly, adding to the skeweredness of the whole affair, considering that the two brothers in question are hardly playing with full decks - between them you couldn't make a decent poker hand to save your life. throw in these cheesy extra tidbits: one of the brothers is a drug addict, married to gina (marisa tomei, also excellent), who is having an affair with the other brother, toss in some monumental sibling rivalry, along with the fact that said drug addict brother hates his father (a wrenching performance from albert finney), who has apparently caused him serious past pain, and you've got a shakespearean/greek tragedy on your hands. proceed with caution.
i grew up watching scooby and have been a fan forever. this cartoon moves away from the same old routine that can get boring to viewers. the crooks in mask routine gets old and this cartoon is a change from that. it's not meant to replace the scooby gang it's just a break from the same old crime scene for both viewers and writers i'm sure. the cartoon's focus is on scooby and shaggy who inherits a large sum of money and use that money to thwart world conquest plans from a mad scientist and his goons. small homages of the gang and the gang themselves are featured from time to time. if you are a fan of scooby-doo you can still appreciate the bond between a boy and his talking dog, along with the jokes that come with it. just enjoythe cartoon and support the creators/writers and producers so that this won't be the last scooby cartoon.
this is one of the best films i have seen in years! i am not a gwyneth paltrow fan, but she is excellent as emma woodhouse. alan cumming is superb as reverand elton, and emma thompson's sister, sophie, is hysterical as miss bates. and check out the gorgeous jeremy northam as mr. knightley; what a gentleman! whoever said you need sex and violence in a movie to make it good has never seen emma. i think that is what separates it from so many others--it's classy. if you're looking for a film that you can watch with the whole family, or looking for a romance for yourself, look no further. emma is that movie. with a beautiful setting, wonderful costumes, and an outstanding cast (have i mentioned the gorgeous jeremy northam?), emma is a perfect ten!
opening the film with a bach toccata is an aural hint of what is to unfold in this intense drama. all the compositional devices bach perfected to keep his listener (and the performer) intrigued and entertained applies to this film. there isn't a mutual tenderness between the two lead characters and the lead female in the final scene i feel is justified in stating she was raped even though her victimizer feels she was forewarned that he was a cad. mamet compellingly explores the emotional chasm and differences between the genders but i feel he is clueless about how they actually compliment one another given a healthy sense of humor. if mamet ever developed a healthy humorous take on the interaction between the genders i wonder how this work would have ended? as it exists it is very somber and mean spirited.
this tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being. the irreverent pupils, the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils. the adult characters all seem familiar, my teachers, my bus driver, each one of their opinions so plausible and well known. when a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints. all the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip. mr harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . he reminds me of war damaged teachers i did not understand when i was an irreverent pupil. rhidian brook and the producers deserve much acclaim for this well shaped british film. the acting unblemished, the scenes appropriate, it should be widely available yet does not seem to have been given the right opportunity.
there seems to be only two types of reviews of this film on the net. those who hate it and curse ralph bakshis name and those love it and call it work of genious. i'm inclined to be in the middle. i'am forced to agree with most of the criticisms of this film (e.g.the cruel cutting of the story, badly rotoscoped charecters, over acting etc...) but dispite this i still love this film. the rotoscoping (when done properly)adds an eerie lifelike dimension to the charecters and the final battle scene at the end of the film is fantastic. the surrealistic scenes when the nineriders chase frodo are stylish and well executed and the musical score... magic. sadly the bad points outweight film but if you can bring yourself to ignore them it is a great film. (no doubt i'll be lynched by an angry mob of people who hate this film after writing this review, ah well, such is life)
this movie is goofy as hell! i think it was written as a serious film, but then when it came time to film, michael cooney said "hey, let's throw in some humor and spice it up!" the characters are actually slightly developed, too. oh, and the death sequences are the best. one thing i hate, though, was the hairdryer-weapons. what was that all about?
any one who has seen mel gibson's the passion of the christ and was bothered by the gory violence would want to see this film instead. though it wasn't a success in th box office or tv ratings, the fox movie channel still finds a real good motive to show this anually. i liked the way that they trained chris sarandon and the men who portrayed his disciples to sing in hebrew.though sarandon didn't have long hair like any other jesus would in other films, his looks are pretty close to what a jewish man would appear. what surprised me or startled me was the scene where caiaphas told jesus about pilate "and don't ever forget, that you are a jew!" though that may have not been a racist remark,colin blakely was trying to make chris sarandon look like garbage in the eyes of the prominent men of those days.keith michell's portrayal of pilate was hulking, comparing with his previous performances in "the story of jacob and joseph" and "the story of david". but if you compare his portrayal of pilate with telly savala's or hurd hatfield, you can say that he really painted well the impression of a roman procurator.
featuring a fascinating performance by will smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, "seven pounds" races past the director's previous collaboration with the actor (the pursuit of happiness), a flick which i also loved. remember gabriele muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. too bad i figured out will smith's scheme early on, i put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when rosario dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease. however, i still think the writer/director made the right choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between smith's and dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two. one of my friends with whom i saw the movie thought smith's character could have a divine gift, and i understand why: his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. it's quite a versatile performance. lastly i can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. put this on your list.
frustrating to watch because of one man's stubbornness to leave his native country for the dream land in switzerland and what he does to achieve that creates heartache for all those involved. along the journey he encounters scumbags who take advantage of other human suffering and desperation.
i admit that i am a vampire addict: i have seen so many vampire movies i have lost count and this one is definitely in the top ten. i was very impressed by the original john carpenter's vampires and when i descovered there was a sequel i went straight out and bought it. this movie does not obey quite the same rules as the first, and it is not quite so dark, but it is close enough and i felt that it built nicely on the original. jon bon jovi was very good as derek bliss: his performance was likeable and yet hard enough for the viewer to believe that he might actually be able to survive in the world in which he lives. one of my favourite parts was just after he meets zoey and wanders into the bathroom of the diner to check to see if she is more than she seems. his comments are beautifully irreverant and yet emminently practical which contrast well with the rest of the scene as it unfolds. the other cast members were also well chosen and they knitted nicely to produce an entertaining and original film. it is not simply a rehash of the first movie and it has grown in a similar way to the way fright night ii grew out of fright night. there are different elements which make it a fresh movie with a similar theme. if you like vampire movies i would recommend this one. if you prefer your films less bloody then choose something else.
maria braun is an extraordinary woman presented fully and very credibly, despite being so obtuse as to border on implausibility. she will do everything to make her marriage work, including shameless opportunism and sexual manipulation. and thus beneath the vicey exterior, she reveals a rather sweet value system. the film suffers from an abrupt and unexpected ending which afterwards feels wholly inadequate, with the convenience familiar from ending your school creative writing exercise with 'and then i woke up'. it is also book-ended at the other end with the most eccentric title sequence i've ever seen, but don't let any of that put you off.
excellent movie, albeit slightly predictable. i have to comment on nicole kidmans acting in this movie. some of her other works haven't shown the amazing talent this woman has, but birthday girl doesn't suffer from this in the slightest. even without words kidmans acting shines through.
grand canyon is a very strange bird. it's a completely unique urban piece, where relating the entire plot would fail to convey much. it's central theme seems to be the inherent uncertainty life holds for people of every race, background and station. but to proclaim that the theme of the film would be to horribly understate its scope. similarly, to pigeonhole it in a particular genre is futile. the film has volumes to say, though likely different volumes for every viewer, and says it all in such a non-preachy way from so many angles, that in the end, i can't even define its central message for myself. nevertheless, it does it's business with such laser precision; every prop, line of dialog, and bar of background music contributing to it's pervasive mood and powerful message, that i'm pleasantly surprised, and come away very thoughtful after every viewing. still it doesn't feel at all stuffy. a sparkling film with a great cast and everything working.
i was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of grey gardens are very funny and unbelievably surreal - documentary of not, this really gives fellini or david lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. i kept focusing on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and i wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. this might be one of the greatest ever films that comes dangerously close to exploitation, without going completely over the edge - as the edies do their thing, i kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. very definitely worth seeing and seeking out - you'll never forget it, but very disturbing.
one of the most timely and engrossing documentaries, you'll ever watch. while the story takes place in the venezuelan capital of caracas, it provides an intimate look into political dynamics, that prevail throughout the western hemisphere. while essentially another chapter in the story of the "u.s. backed, latin american coup", this film chronicles in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with unity, political savvy, and courage! the political insights offered by this film are invaluable. one gets clear examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. we see the poor people of caracas grappling with the brutal realities of "american politics". one gets a clear sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. we also see the arrogance and fascism, of the cia backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring venezuela back under washington's domination. though ably led by president hugo chavez, the people of caracas are forced to act without him, after chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. their response is the highpoint of the film. if one seeks an excellent portrait of what the u.s. government, hugo chavez, and revolutionary venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!
this film is scary because you can find yourself relating to ideas they have and can recall other people saying and having simialr ideas make this a haunting well done movie.... the camra style is not shakey to point it draws you out of film like blair witch it only adds to the raw "real" feeling of the film that makes it.
this is one amazing movie!!!!! you have to realize that chinese folklore is complicated and philosophical. there are always stories behind stories. i myself did not understand everything but knowing chinese folklore (i studied them in school)it is very complicated. you just have to take what it gives you.....enjoy the movie and enjoy the ride....hooray!!!!
esther williams gets her first post mgm starring role and gets off to a good start. this film is a well acted entertaining suspense with a mature theme that would be repeated a million times more in the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. esther looks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on to do more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. either way she is so likable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different role outside of the 'swimming musical'. universal was fabulous for making films with former mgm stars after that studio began dropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. stars like lana turner, june allyson and others got to make quality first rate films at universal as they obviously still had drawing power at the box office. i wish esther had made more but since she didnt, it makes this one all the more special.
loretta castorini (cher)is a woman in her late thirties, a widow, who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in brooklyn. she is engaged to marry johnny cammareri (danny aiello), a bland man, more out of a resigned duty than actual love. before their wedding johnny takes a trip out to visit his mother who is sick and leaves loretta the function of playing the olive leaf with his brother ronny by notifying him of their impending wedding. ronny (nicholas cage) hasn't forgiven johnny for being the cause of his accident which caused him the loss of his hand (and subsequently, his then-bride-to-be), but he does fall for loretta, and hard. after a heated affair loretta out of respect for johnny tries to avoid ronny, but his dark looks and overpowering masculinity win her over. meanwhile, loretta's mother rose castorini (olympia dukakis) is not only suspecting her husband cosmo (vincent gardenia) is seeing another woman, but is also herself the subject of admiration from a college professor and wonders why do men chase women. things get complicated when johnny returns from sicily to tell loretta they can't be married. the setup is pure sitcom, but the story, written by john patrick shanley with a deep understanding for italian-americans living in new york, is genuine: he gets the idiosyncrasies of these people and their day-to-day foibles and quirks, and all of the characters have a deep romanticism that comes through in key moments throughout the story. loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knowing her chances of happiness are slim, slowly emerges as a woman who is so swept by the sudden recognition of love she becomes the heroine of la boheme -- the one who acknowledges the love of the man with the wooden hand (in a clever gender reversal), and cher inhabits the role and makes it hers and in her own style subtly trades her frumpiness to a deep, dark beauty. ronny is pure fire and nicholas cage exudes masculine power as if he were channeling marlon brando. the castorini's and the cappomaggi's, counterbalancing the central couple, both express their love for each other in two very crucial moments: the latter couple, on the night of the full moon when loretta and ronny consummate their affair -- a rare scene depicting love and intimacy among the elderly --, and the former at a tense moment over breakfast when rose bluntly reveals, in touching words, that she wants cosmo to stop seeing his mistress mona (anita gillette). moonstruck is not only the romantic comedy and date movie of choice, but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among regular people. the ending is a tour de force of emotional impact, the family situation going beyond the momentary complications to cement it in tradition going back to the days of immigrants, and is one that elevates this movie from being just another feel-good movie to a classic. moonstruck deservedly got its oscars for best writing, actress, and supporting actress, and has proved to grow beyond its time.
i loved this movie! it was all i could do not to break down into tears while watching it, but it is really very uplifting. i was struck by the performance of ray liotta, but especially the talent of tom hulce portraying ray's twin brother who is mentally slow due to a tragic and terrible childhood event. but tom's character, though heartbreaking, knows no self pity and is so full of hope and life. this is a great movie, don't miss it!!
i like this movie a lot, but it's a fact, that you cannot understand it, unless you're from the ex yugoslavia. most of the actors are now dead and those were the best actors in ex yugoslavia. i appreciate that this movie is now on divx and i can have it in my collection. macedonia. serbia. montenegro. bosnia and herzegowina. croatia. slovenia. all of this was ex yugoslavia, a melting pot of the balcan nations. it could be a dream land, if slobodan milosevic, franjo tudjman and other nationalists wouldn't poison the nation's mind with their sick ideas.
dr. mccoy and mr. spock find themselves trapped in a planet's past ice age, while capt. kirk is in the same planet's colonial period. however, it's the former pair that has the most trying time. besides the freezing temperatures and sanctuary to be found only in caves, there is a third inhabitant, the beautiful and so sexy zarabeth (mariette hartley). as spock spends more time in this era, he slowly begins to revert to the behavioral patterns of his ancestors, feeling a natural attraction to zarabeth and throwing "caution to the wind" about ever leaving this place. only with dr. mccoy's constant "reminders" does spock hold on to some grasp of reality. this stand as one of the few times when the character gets to show some "emotion" and nimoy (spock) plays it to the hilt, coming close to knocking the bejesus out of deforest kelly (mccoy). surprising to previous installment, captain kirk (william shatner) wasn't allowed to get the girl, another plus for this one. perennial "old man" ian wolfe assays the role of "mr. atoz," the librarian responsible for sending the trio into the past.
the straight story is a multilevel exploration of the goodness and beauty of america. at one level a slow walk through the heartland, it's kind inhabitants, and amber grain, at another level about growing old and remembering what is important(and actively forgetting what isn't). david lynch gives us time in this movie and helps me to remember that so much can be said with silence. a remarkable movie that will rest gently with me for some time to come.
how to lose friends and alienate people is decent comedy with a bit of romantic approach. it's actually a story of sidney young(simon pegg) breaking through in journalist and magazine writing business which is interpreted in a funny way. simon pegg made an ok appearance, slightly worse than his usual. movie is not hilarious or funny all the way or anything like that but it has its moments, and those moments are really hilarious. i recommend this fun and worth watching american with english cream comedy to all people who just wanna sit, relax and enjoy movie for what it is. if you're about to watch this movie with critical approach then you should pass unless you want to be disappointed and start trashing it.
although critically maligned, johnny dangerously is one of the funniest movies i've ever seen. it's a movie that should be watched closely; some of the funny bits are done in passing and do not have the usual amount of attention drawn to them. for instance, keep an eye on michael keaton's use of the pricing gun at the pet store...and also on the documentary-style years that appear at the beginning of scenes. it's one of those rare movies where the humor hits you unexpectedly, even though you know it's a comedy. amy heckerling, the director, is really sharp here--if you enjoyed her better known films (fast times at ridgemont high, clueless, european vacation, etc.,)you should give this one a look. michael keaton is extremely likable in the title role and the supporting cast (griffin dunne, maureen stapleton, joe piscopo, peter boyle) is excellent. highly recommended.
greetings again from the darkness. insight into the mind and motivation of a wonderful artist. how strange for most of us to see someone who must work... no matter the conditions, else his reason for living ceases. to see goldsworthy's sculptures come alive and to see his reaction to each is extremely voyeuristic. this artist creates because he must - not for money or fame. it is his lifeforce. when you see his failures, energy seems to expel from his body like a burst hot air balloon. it is not the dread of beginning again, it is that he takes his energy from his work. watching him create just to have nature takeover and recall his work is somewhat painful, but nonetheless, breathtaking. he discusses flow and time in the minimal dialog and there appears to be little doubt that the artist and the earth are one in the same. when he says he needs the earth, but it does not need him ... i beg to differ. only complaint is the musical score seems to slow down further a pace that is relaxing at best.
call me adolescent but i really do think that this is a great series. if you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest star trek series, you should definitely watch this one. perhaps more compelling than that of voyager's caretaker, which launched the series with cpt. janeway, archer's adventures are completely different, yet strangely familiar...the music is catchy too. no true sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one star trek episode--and these installments make the wait worthwhile.
this movie is best described or compare to "big fish" (the movie by tim burton). but it's a less glamorous and more in you face tale. and of course here it's not the father, but his grandfather who tells the stories. the movie's narrative also moves back and forth (so the story outline here at imdb, might tell you more than you would like to read, before watching the movie). it's funny and engaging enough, even though you get from one story to another and have some dramatic moments too. it also surprises you here and there, with things you wouldn't expect. a nice little movie then, that deserves your attention, especially if you like movies like that! :o)
this film was just absolutly brilliant. it actually made me think. during the whole movie i was confused as hell. i loved everything about it...it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird, it was hard not to love it. all of the actors were phenominal, and no one could have done a better job...this is one of my favorites of the year...it deserves an ocar.
this movie is not about entertainment, or not even a movie you want to see to pass the time. this movie is a genuinely a display of true love that can only come from god. one cannot help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie. we have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie. there is the divine love of god that is beautifully portrayed. god's love transcends the heart and mind and endures and is eternal. there is the love in a marriage. while the main character grapples with his wife's disease, he realizes through god's love that he loves his wife more than he could ever imagine. he knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated. finally, you have the love of child and parent. the kids in the family come together and realize that nothing else matters except that love conquers fear. dear friends, love is not love unless it comes from god, because god is love and love comes from god. talk to someone and let them know you love them. love does no good unless it is given to another. i pray this movie can inspire and change the lives of everyone who sees it. amen!!
i wouldn't be surprised if soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. still, part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of cuba. i liked del toro's interpretation of che guevara's personality. and the actor who plays castro, bichir, also did a great job, against all odds. it's clear soderbergh doesn't look down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. some of the more important historical aspects contradict what i've read. to my knowledge castro did not court the soviet union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the united states were exhausted. but on other aspects he is right on, especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. the country's treasury was left empty.
i viewed the movie together with a homophobic friend, my wife and her female friend. so i had views from all kinds of directions. mainly, the film made me laugh, the sexual tension was not really there and the only noticeable actors were tudor chirila and maria popistasu. yes, i do think she played her role well, even if the script was not appropriate. there were good romanian actors around, they just didn't have complex roles. i applaud puya's entering the movie business. i don't know why, but i think he's a good guy, i just hope he'll be a good actor. the wife loved the movie, though, and i think there might have been chords being played and to which i had no ear for. if the film tried to present uncommon sexual behaviors and their consequences in todays romania, then it failed miserably. there were no consequences. just imagine that the girls are actually a boy and a girl, and the same story becomes just a boring, uninteresting plot. i have no idea why it got all those bafta awards. in my book, it should have gotten the "better luck next time" award. (bafta=good luck in romanian).
as always, controversial movies like this have mixed reviews. you either love it or you hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. this shows the perspective of the killers, which is something i personally feel is something important to consider. you may hate them, you may claim to understand them and feel as though you can relate, but regardless this movie will make you think about school shootings from a different perspective. the movie is shot entirely using a hand-held camera, something that i think works quite well as it makes it more realistic. it is told completely from the killers point of view, from their "missions" to family outings, all leading up the big day "zero day" in which they are planning on a massacre at their school. zero day does not offer answers, but merely presents a glimpse at the lives of two troubled young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves. our feelings towards the boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but yet we are left confused as to why two ordinary young boys would do such a thing. they are shown to be surprisingly normal, typical teenage boys leading ordinary lives, and if we didn't know what they were planning we wouldn't expect a thing (they make it clear throughout the whole movie that no-one else knows about their plan) the acting is extremely good considering the two actors are complete unknowns. we can only hope to see more work from the both of them in the future. despite how this is a fictionalized movie, one cannot help but notice the obvious similarities to columbine. calvin and andre are scarily similar to eric harris and dylan klebold, (not so much in looks, but in manner) as someone who has researched columbine very extensively, i could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on it. the actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the most chilling things i have ever seen. i was completely in shock after seeing it, and its a feeling that stays around for a while. it is very realistic and well-done, and it is very difficult to watch. all in all zero day is an excellent movie, and i think everyone should at least check it out. in the past, we have always simply branded killers "psychopaths" and assumed that either they were biologically wired for disaster or had media influence, but as zero day shows sometimes the motives are deeper than that, and we can never truly understand why tragedies such as school shootings happen until we have seen it from the perspective of the killers.
though i like e.e. "doc" smith's books and david a. kyles books of lensman, the anime, which is loosly based on the books, is quite a fun and somewhat innovative fair. though the story may seem familiar to sci-fi/fantasy buffs, such as some kid on an isolated planet inherits mystical powers and avenges the death of his family, it is quite an entertaining one nonetheless. plus, lensman was the first animated motion picture to use hand drawn and cg animation all at once. sure, it may look a bit outdated now, but it is still an innovation. if it were not for lensman, none of that would have ever happened (personally, i think computer graphics look better in animation that live action.) too bad they only released it on dvd/vcd in a few countries in the worls (mostly on formats that are quite foreign and different). i just wish they release the lensman movie and tv series on dvd/vcd in every part of the world, not just certain parts. p.s. worsel rules! i just think he is so amazing and neat looking as well.
what can one say about elvira that hasn't already been said in the world's press? the classic comedienne that is elvira delivers in her first full-length big budget comedy masterpiece. from the very first movie frame thingy, elvira packs an acting punch that clearly says film great....eat your heart out, bette davis! see a forlorn elvira, see an excitable elvira, see a jealous elvira, see a murderous elvira. you can do nothing but marvel at her acting prowess! at the heart of this comedy masterpiece is elvira's desire for las vegas show stardom. despite putting "the boob back in the boobtube" as a horror hostess (with the mostest), elvira finds the small screen constrictive emotionally....and physically! nuff said, she packs up her kitbag and heads east....a hotdog in one hand and a letter from her aunt's lawyer outlining her inheritance 'windfall' in the other. i've seen this movie so many times, i can almost recite it verbatim....(verbatim would just be showing off)! grab a copy, laugh yourself silly, learn the lines.... why she didn't win the best actress oscar for this role is beyond me.
this film has renewed my interest in french cinema. the story is enchanting, the acting is flawless and audrey tautou is absolutely beautiful. i imagine that we will be seeing a lot more of her in the states after her upcoming role in amelie.
at a time in our culture where reality exposed as narrative is overpowering fiction as we know it on the small and big screen, "apart from that" is a film that exposes real life moments that feel more honest, fresh and innovative in there presentation than i have ever seen before. the usual spoon feeding conventions are non existent in this film, leaving a content audience to sit and watch these real life moments trickle one after the other on the screen. while watching the movie, and even upon post contemplation, it is hard to believe that these amazing performances where actually that, performances. every moment with the large cast of actors felt like the truth being exposed in their daily usual lives. even so, "apart from that" does not feel like a documentary or reality television, but instead transcends into a category of its own, with its unique cinematography and direction. i look forward to watching this new category of storytelling continue with other films by directors jennifer shainin and randy walker. this movie must be seen.
i wasn't sure what to expect but am i glad i went to see this. a smart, slightly twisted comedy that makes you think. i wasn't quite sure how a director can create "nothing", but leave it to mr. natali and the brilliant individuals at c.o.r.e. to create another low budget set that looks real (as real as nothing can be). well worth your time and money, if you have the opportunity to see this, please go. you'll be glad you did.
a have a female friend who is currently being drawn into a relationship with an sob who has a long term girlfriend. of course the sob is very good-looking, charming, etc and my friend is a very intelligent woman. watching jean pierre leaud's character at work is exactly like watching what goes on in real life when guys like that destroy the lives of our female friends. it's tragic, and you know she's going to end up very hurt, but there's nothing you can do. leaud is brilliant. totally empty. a blank throughout, he pulls the faces and tells the stories he thinks will get the reaction he wants. the scene two hours in when leaud and lebrun have made love, and the next morning he puts on a record and, very sweetly and charmingly, sings along to amuse her is brilliant. the "what the hell am i doing here with this idiot" expression that flickers back and forth across her face will be in my memory for a long time to come. it's a long film, but see it in one go, preferably in a cinema. takes a while to get into, but then the time just disappears.
this movie leaves the intellectual mind thinking and trying to analyze the story. i too cannot understand why people would trash this movie. if you are a jerry bruckheimer fan, this movie may not suitable for u. this movie presents high degree of realism. the actors and actresses' performance is examplary. not fake, just natural. no special sound.effects, so special side effects. the camera work is excellent, the music is oh so good. i can't wait to get the soundtrack. it leaves your body numb, like constant garderner.the directly has raw talent, certainly not a follower.
a longtime fan of bette midler, i must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. a literal rainbow of emotion and talent, bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the "bette of roses" album. spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. the one and only divine diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around.
this is apparently one of shemp's first shorts with the stooges. (this excludes his much earlier vaudeville years with the team). but the threesome's comedic timing is at its honed best here. aside from the intense slapstick scenes, there are others more subtle, but just as funny. watch larry when shemp asks him to look at the camera for a snapshot. or watch the real object prompting moe's exclamation, "oh...highly polished mahogany!" emil sitka is at his bewildered goofiest. and the goon may look scary, but he's somehow funny. he seems as frustrated and perplexed with the stooges as are "regular" people in other shorts. for shemp aficionados, this is a must have episode. it won't disappoint.
i absolutely love this movie and would really like to have it someday. it's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a turquoise necklace, i loved it and would like to see it again! i don't remember too much about it, but that a native american boy lives in a nice village with his family, and i don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. his sister packs him some food and he goes. while he's out there, some other indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. the legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a turquoise necklace, it is the boy. i was always fascinated with legends, particularly native american legends and i would love to see this released someday to a dvd, please release it, whoever's concerned!
how can you resist watching a film with some swing? it's a delightful little film full of wonderful actors and a wonderful story line. too bad they don't tour out here...i'd go see them. see it if for no other reason than to hear some good music.
steve carell once again stars in a light romantic movie about choices, family and pressure. by judging on the plot and cover art of the movie i was expecting a flat-out comedy, lots of laughs and unrealistic elements, but i guess i was wrong. sure the movie had some comedy, but it felt much more of a light drama to me and steve carell once again gave a great performance. the movie itself really tackles true observations and that was a strong element i found. but, the ending felt a little bit rushed and predictable. through-out, the cinematography was great, the acting was great and the message it delivered was obvious but yet still very important. though, it came down to old, flat and predictable ending. i'd reckon if different choices were made at the end of the movie (perhaps for the bad, even) this movie would get better publicity. still a fun movie.
'capital city' fans rejoice! this first season of this series is now available from network dvd and i've recently got my copy! although very much an ensemble piece of key 'maverick' trading floor characters 'capital city' does present us with various moments through both its first and second season when each member of the team plays a significant part in a particular central or peripheral plot line. the cultural mix (english, irish, american, german, polish) of head trader wendy foley's (played by joanna phillips-lane) group of staff is balanced with their own distinctive mannerisms, interests and personalities which helps to make the rather unfamiliar and, to most people, seemingly sterile subject of financial trading reasonably engaging through the engaging performances of the cast. in fact this seemingly dynamic young team of employees is in direct contrast to the rather staid and old-fashioned senior management of shane longman as represented by lee wolf (richard le parmentier) and james farrell (denys hawthorne). i suspect that such an unconventional way of working as employed by wendy's team would not have become a reality had it not been for youthful reclusive 'free spirit' peter longman inheriting his thirty per cent stock in the company from his father and allowed a more trendy, relaxed modern way of business become a reality. to a certain degree wendy's (i am led to believe) immediate supervisor leonard ansen (john bowe) follows the establishment in the traditional manner of running the company however his fondness for wendy rather sees him occupying the 'middle ground' on most occasions. the main interest in the series, i believe, stems from the simmering romantic attraction between douglas hodge's declan and the cool self-assured blonde haired german trader michelle hauptmann (played by trevyn mcdowell) which had viewers continually wondering if the situation between these two colleagues would develop beyond the close friendship/fondness that they undoubted have. looking forward to browsing through this title, and hopefully the second season of thirteen won't be too far away!
do you still love woody allen's humor and sense of the absurd? do you wait patiently for movies that get the plot going in the first five minutes instead of making you wait around? if so, you will adore this comedic murder mystery. it has all the elements of a good mystery: sharp plot, a handsome suspect, romance, and intrigue, mixed together with enough laughs and winks at fate to keep even the most jaded of movie goers happy. with beautiful people and gorgeous homes and landscapes to ogle, this frothy movie is just the thing to take your minds off your troubles. as woody might say, what's not to like?
what's with all the negative comments? after having seen this film for the first time tonight, i can only say that this is a good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person's day. when i saw that drew (ben affleck) might end up spending the holidays alone, i wanted to cry. you'll have to see the movie if you want to know why. also, even though i liked tom (james gandolfini) and alicia (christina applegate) after awhile, if you ask me, they were real snobs. however, this film did make me smile and feel good inside. before i wrap this up, i'd like to say that mike mitchell has scored a pure holiday hit. now, in conclusion, i highly recommend this good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person's day to any ben affleck or christina applegate fan who hasn't seen it.
this is by far one of my favorite of the american pie spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young stiflers) always seems unrealistic in nature. for example ap: the naked mile. you have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity "problem" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a "guilt free pass" for the weekend. i can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story. whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old erik stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always mr. levenstein lends his "perfectly natural" eyebrow humor to the equation and scored a touchdown with this new movie.
this is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways. everyone in my family enjoyed it. the animation is excellent and easily demonstrates that there are plenty of producers who create films that are as visually brilliant as anything that comes from the disney studio. one difference from the normal disney fare is that this dreamworks movie does not feature some wise-cracking side kick for comedy relief. and, there are no sudden moments where the characters break into song. i am sure that a scene at the beginning of the film would not appear in a disney picture: the birth of spirit. but it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all. "spirit" was a great breath of fresh air. don't get me wrong. i have loved disney for years and will continue to do so. "spirit" is another example of great animated fare. as soon as it was over, my kids wanted to watch it again. i had the same feeling. i thoroughly recommend it.
this is simply one of the finest renditions of dicken's classic tale. the script very accurately follows the story originally penned by dickens, and captures a perfect balance between a film atmosphere and a play atmosphere. viewers fond of either format will find enough of the story rooted in their presentation style of choice. george c. scott brings a delightfully realistic approach to the character of scrooge, and is very convincing in the character development instigated by the visits of the ghosts. i found that he was able to win me over to the point where i sympathized with the old miser, something rarely done in other versions. the superb job done by the supporting actors add greatly to this production, which is simply the most enjoyable of all the christmas carol versions i have seen.
neither the total disaster the uk critics claimed nor the misunderstood masterpiece its few fanboys insist, revolver is at the very least an admirable attempt by guy ritchie to add a little substance to his conman capers. but then, nothing is more despised than an ambitious film that bites off more than it can chew, especially one using the gangster/con-artist movie framework. as might be expected from luc besson's name on the credits as producer, there's a definite element of 'cinema de look' about it: set in a kind of realistic fantasy world where america and britain overlap, it looks great, has a couple of superbly edited and conceived action sequences and oozes style, all of which mark it up as a disposable entertainment. but ritchie clearly wants to do more than simply rehash his own movies for a fast buck, and he's spent a lot of time thinking and reading about life, the universe and everything. if anything its problem is that he's trying to throw in too many influences (a bit of machiavelli, a dash of godard, a lot of the principles of chess), motifs and techniques, littering the screen with quotes: the film was originally intended to end with three minutes of epigrams over photos of corpses of mob victims, and at times it feels as if he never read a fortune cookie he didn't want to turn into a movie. rather than a commercial for kabbalism, it's really more a mixture of the overlapping principles of commerce, chess and confidence trickery that for the most part pulls off the difficult trick of making the theosophy accessible while hiding the film's central (somewhat metaphysical) con. the last third is where most of the problems can be found as jason statham takes on the enemy (literally) within with lots of ambitious but not always entirely successful crosscutting within the frame to contrast people's exterior bravado with their inner fear and anger, but it's got a lot going for it all the same. not worth starting a new religion over, but i'm surprised it didn't get a us distributor. maybe they found ray liotta's intentionally fake tan just too damn scary?
i always enjoy this movie when it shows up on tv. the one scene that always stands out, for me that is, is the one with the myrna loy and the painters foreman, where she gives him very explicit instructions on the colours and as soon as she goes away he turns the his guys and says "did you get that, that's yellow, blue, green and white"
best show since seinfeld. she's really really funny. her total self centeredness, the hulking gay stoner neighbors, the departures into song or cartoons, make this the freshest show on tv. one of the few shows i make point of watching. the scene with the wise old black lady in the drugstore ("oh wait now that you're close you do look old" turns face with finger and walks away lol), the cough syrup overdose, sleeping with god, it's all so funny or so stupid it's just a lot of fun. the shows weak points are her sister and the cop-only because they're too darn normal!! i really can't wait until the next show, something i haven't felt for any show in a long time.
very good point there : "only an elite few (the upper classes) would both have access to the internet and be able to communicate on an exclusively english speaking site such as the imdb" some might think internet is not reality but this point of view really put media society and democracy at stake: you are probably right.. even if there is internet cafe's in venezuela most chavez supporters will not afford to even rent a computer for half an hour to comment on imdb. screw you faschist upper class rich right wing capitalist liberal intellectual surpressors .. probably this is your first time using internet ;)..
the number of times i've had tears in my eyes when watching a movie are few. and there is only one time when i have really cried and that was when i saw this movie. this movie has some kliches but i really don't care. i cry even as i write this and it was quite some time since i saw it. it is perfectly acted and all the production values are good, but what really matters is the simple and wonderful message. we all know it in our hearts, but it is not always easy to remember that the only thing that really matters in life is love in all it's forms. it's only when we love that we're truly alive. i know how sentimental i sound and i promise i'm not usually like that. i'm quite a cynic. this movie has brought out stronger feelings of both sorrow and happiness in me than any other movies and it will probably always be the first movie i recommend others to see.
i've seen mystery men cop a bit of stick in the press and with the general public ( take the imdb vote for instance), but my overall feeling is that mystery men is more fun than most films, definitely wittier than most so-called comedy films and very nearly 'clever'. the cast is superb; greg kinnear is excellent, as are geoffrey rush and tom waits. kinnear's limo scene with ricky jay is perfect 'spoiled movie star' and he imbues his character with the right balance of comic book quality and realism to make him work. i will admit the pacing is a little off in places, and visuals are certainly very flash bang, possibly to the detriment of further characterisation, but at the end of the day, this is high concept film making - it's about the little moments "what's up tiger lily?" - and there are so many great ones in this film to make it worth repeated viewing.
this is, without a shadow of a doubt, one of the scariest and most intriguing episodes of doctor who. this is a thrilling psychological ride and you will probably find your own beliefs being thrown into question. riddled with spine-chilling moments, this is an episode no "who" fan can afford to miss. starting from when the pit was opened after the events in "the impossible planet", the doctor and ida are trapped and are running out of air. with no other alternatives, they decide to find what lies at the bottom of the pit, an event which surpasses even the doctor's expectations. whilst there, the doctor is forced to make what he considers to be the ultimate sacrifice... meanwhile, rose and the other members of the planet try to find a way to fend off the ood, whose minds have been poisoned by the beast. also, is toby zed truly cured of his possession by the beast?
this movie is gorgeous. it's real and down to heart, but at the same time totally crazy. the characters are easy to fall in love with, because they have so many different minds, but each of us could refer to at least on. in canada, we don't have many movies from eastern europe, and for the few i have seen, loners is one of the best. it's very funny, and magic. if you want to see something new and refreshing, go see loners.
a single mother(diane keaton) finds herself working several minimum-wage jobs. when she gets fired, she finds that she is unable to support her sons(michael seater and colin roberts), the latter of whom has asthma. then she goes to her friend and starts selling drugs. soon enough, she gets addicted to the drugs that she is selling. her life comes crashing down, especially when her kids, namely her oldest son, find out the truth and threaten to leave her. then, she struggles to redeem herself with the help of her kids but can she protect her family from the drug lords who she worked for? wow! this lifetime movie has some of the best acting i have ever seen! diane keaton overacts a lot, and her character comes off as crazy but she was extremely convincing. she is much better suited to drama than to comedy. however, the best performance in the movie comes from michael seater, who plays her oldest son. he is perfect as the responsible son who is still young but trying to be the adult in the family. his acting was especially great in the scenes where he confronts his mom about the drugs. colin roberts, who plays the younger son, also does a great job. a movie well worth watching, especially because of the acting from michael seater and diane keaton!
carl brashear (cuba gooding, jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. he joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. the father gives him an old radio, and brashear leaves on the navy bus. the most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, "never quit". after a recommendation from a white commander powers boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to navy diving school at bayonne, nj. he endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, chief navy master diver, billy sunday (robert de niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (hal holbrook, who "has almost as many loose screws as an old car". they all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.the dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of billy sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the navy department hearing in washington, dc to determine if he meets the criteria. an inspirational movie, showing that determination can overcome all odds.
this for me was a wonderful introduction to the talents and beauty of marion davies. she is not only gorgeous but hilarious in this film. (i believe that lucille ball may have modeled her later career on davies' style, that could be termed "zany beauty".) vidor's direction is light but sure-handed, the story is a chestnut of course but the acting is marvelously contemporary, and the star-watching element for fans of the silent era, with many cameos, adds to the overall fun. it combines the elements of slapstick with adult drama and good old timeless romance quite well. for all movie fans who have a knee-jerk reaction to watching silent films, sit through this one and it may change your attitude.
i'm a huge fan of the dukes of hazzard tv show. and i really enjoyed this flick. i enjoyed myself here a lot more than i did with other summer blockbusters. it's funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like "lame plot" and "it's much cruder than the show." does anyone remember the crudeness of the humor in the pilot episode? daisy makes incest jokes and bo says that luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. the only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot. and as far as the plot goes. it was the perfect dukes plot. in fact as a remake it probably stays truer to the source material than any tv show that has migrated to the big screen. while sean william scott and johnny knoxville aren't exactly like their small screen versions, they do a great job and work very well together. i wasn't too keen on burt's boss hogg though. and i would have like a little bit more incompetence from sheriff roscoe. in the movie roscoe is a little... scary. and who didn't have a smile on their face as the general lee is racing through the streets of atlanta and the back roads of hazzard? folks, allow yourself to enjoy a movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you won't be sorry. it's just a great dumb movie!
didn't know anything about the movie before watching and i think it was the "no expectation" factor that helped me endure at first and later like it more than i anticipated. the setting was interesting, strange but interesting. the storyline had gaps/jumps that i think throws the audience off a bit. there's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the "romantic" ambiance. but they all didn't matter. the chemistry between emma and luis was simply exquisite. there was some inexplicable strange chemistry that i couldn't resist; i fell in love with it and here i am, writing this review. the subtle love portrayal by the two actors was superb, and i believe, that is the core of this movie. this movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. i had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things i didn't catch at first. i cannot guarantee everyone will like it, but i hope you do.
a warm, sweet and remarkably charming film about two antagonistic workers in the same shop (james stewart and margaret sullavan) who are carrying on a romance via mailbox without either of them knowing it. the key to this film's success is that ernst lubitsch keeps any syrupy sentimentality absent and calls on his actors to give low-key, unfussy performances. as a result, you fall in love with virtually all of them. there's a strong undercurrent of melancholy running through this film which i appreciated. loneliness is a major theme, most obviously represented in the character of the shop's owner and manager, played wonderfully by frank morgan. he discovers that he's being cuckolded by his wife, and realizes that the successful life he's created for himself isn't enough to keep him from feeling lonely when he doesn't have a partner to share it. this makes the timid romance between stewart and sullavan all the more poignant, because they're both reaching out to this unseen other, who each thinks of as a soulmate before they've even met. of course we know everything will turn out right in the end, but the movie doesn't let you forget the dismal feeling either of them would feel if they found that the reality didn't live up to the fantasy. lubitsch fills his movie out with a crackerjack cast that has boatloads of chemistry. the little group of shop employees refers to itself throughout the movie as a little family, and that's exactly how it feels to us as well. this is a wonderful, unsung romance. grade: a+
i really liked this movie. of course the idea is pretty much out there...the federal government arranging to have a tracking device implanted into the jaw of an small-time thief to lure a more dangerous thief/computer hacker out of hiding. but alvin sanders, the man who the feds have "volunteered" to be implanted with the device, is a very likable person and it turns out to be a lot of fun getting in his head with him for a little while. alvin even eventually proves himself to be much more than a good-humored but passive or one-dimensional character when he shows that he is not nearly as easily manipulated as he may seem. definetly worth a watch.
police story is arguably one of the best works by the master of action himself.compared to other action films,police story makes schwarzenegger and stallone look like beginners.the stunt scenes are well cheorgraphed and the action scenes are superb.if new line cinema has any sense,they would release this in theaters.
this is what makes me proud to be british. this is by far the funniest thing on tv. the league consists of jeremy dyson, steve pemberton, mark gatiss and the lovely reece shearsmith. totally underrated, this horror-comedy is perfection. the characters are iconic and the catchphrases bizarre, "hello dave". it is a comedy that everyone simply must watch. the best thing about the league of gentlemen is that it is always fresh, and always pushing the boundaries. it does not need to rely on catchphrases(unlike little britain) for it to be funny. the fact that the league are willing to kill off arguably their most famous and iconic characters, shows us that they've got balls of steel.
this is one of my all time favorites. it is so simple and sweet - definitely a chick flick romantic comedy. i really like a film full of good quotes and this has it... one of my favorites is when albert einstein says to ed walters "are you thinking what i'm thinking" and ed says "now what are the odds of that happening!" in my opinion, a film is fabulous if you can watch it again and again and get the same amount of enjoyment out of it, and with this one, you can!! i also really enjoyed walter m.s way of portraying einstein. i think all the characters fit together really well and the story flows nicely. there are so many times that i find myself smiling right along with the film and quoting my favorite lines as i watch it! i would recommend this movie to anyone who has a heart and enjoys a feel-good romantic comedy now and then!
for those of you who think anime is just about giant reptiles raping schoolgirls, think again. there is a totally different side to the japanese animation. yakitate! japan is one of those shows. it is a sweet-natured tale of a young boy with the gift to make delicious bread. his universe is all about creating a japanese bread that can match with the famous european breads. the show is as wacky as they come and i'm sure that non-japanese viewers will miss a lot of the jokes. but it is still very nice to watch because of the complete innocent vibe of the show. in the world of yakitate! it is not uncommon for people to look like they've just had an orgasm after eating bread. the bread is hallucinating and can give the consumer a wide array of super powers, from time-traveling to swimming like a fish. that weird aspect makes it into one of the least predictable and funny shows i've watched in a while.
when i saw the movie at first i thought that it was boring because nothing was happening but when all the scary things started to happen like when church dies and is brought back to life and also gage and his mom die and there idiot dad has to bring them back to life even though he nows the warnings and ignores jud.this is not steven kings best work. i thought that his best work was the shining. i don't think that people who see this movie and comment on how awful it was are wrong because all they think is that what were they thinking. as if that person can do a better job in making a horror flick. i mean making the gage evil and how he kills jud is genius. making the most innocent most unsuspecting character into one of the killers is cool. people who didn't like the movie are dumb because all it is a scary movie and nothing all. don't expect something from a movie that it isn't. it still in a general area wasn't that good. i still recommend people to watch the movie
if you are a traveller, if there is a fire burning into your heart, if you'd call "home" every place on earth, but none of them can give you enough, if you are always looking for the next thing and if you believe the other part of your soul is somewhere out there, see this movie and you'll find out a little, but wonderful, piece of life sitting next to you.
'the rookie' was a wonderful movie about the second chances life holds for us and also puts an emotional thought over the audience, making them realize that your dreams can come true. if you loved 'remember the titans', 'the rookie' is the movie for you!! it's the feel good movie of the year and it is the perfect movie for all ages. 'the rookie' hits a major home run!
"father is still away on business" was headline of an review after "promise me this" premiere in cannes. i do understand why many thinks the same but unique expression of kusturica is still present in his new movie and is something why critics can't touch him. i had two hours of pure energy without rest. even when kusturica is suffering of lack of concentration or fear of empty space he is still unique and unspoiled. surprisingly good performance of stribor kusturica. much more close-ups and less landscapes then in "life is a miracle". marija petronijevic has femme fatal world class potential, please don't spoil it. surely, i recommend to everyone to see this film.
i'm so glad i happened to see this video at the store. i was looking for some happy movies and this one turned out to be a true gem. i loved that the movie, a love story of sorts, wasn't about some beautiful twenty-somethings; rather, it's a story of some beautiful sixty-somethings, who used used to be twenty-somethings. it's a good, well written, and wonderfully acted story with fabulous wwii band music thrown in as well. it's also got a delightful surprise in it for scottish castle lovers. it left me smiling and ready to watch it again, which i did a couple more times before i turned it in. i highly recommend it.
"telefilms" tend to fall under the pitfalls of a low budget and a hasty shooting schedule, which is why this film always tends to buck the trend. george c. scott embodies ebenezer scrooge perfectly, fully encompassing all of his cold tendencies, and still makes him a simpathetic character. the production value for this film was exceptional, never relying on boffo special effects or soundstage set-ups, yet relying on the depth and clarity of on-site shooting and strong backdrops. a movie that certainly stands alone.
i simply never tire of watching freebird. my husband was an extra so i was involved from the start. have kept in touch with jon and have helped out with promoting the film both in cinemas and now the dvd release. even to the extent of distributing promotional postcards on cross channel ferries and various places throughout france. freebird was expertly written and directed with the perfect combination of fun and serious moments plus choice casting. only phil daniels could fit the role of grouch. great privilege to meet jon and the cast at the party following the premier in january. anything else you want doing jon just ask, either email or phone, you know how to get me. sue xx
it was hard for me to believe all of the negative comments regarding this all-star flick. i laughed through the entire picture, as did my entire family. the movie clearly defined itself as an old time gangster comedy--the players were hysterical--i'll bet they had a good old time while making it. of course goldblum and dreyfuss were great--and how about those everly sisters, each of the two falco's, and the divine music throughout. rob reiner made a great laughing limo driver, and gabriel byrne a laughable neurotic. not to mention gregory hines, burt reynolds, the sleepy joe character and the whole mortuary and grave digger references. paul anka was his usual entertaining self, with the added attraction of running scared after byrne decided to make a duet of his "my way" welcome home to vick performance. i am of the opinion that this movie was a comical tribute to frank sinatra and friends; dreyfuss imitated him well. i am also of the opinion that no one, of any age, would even think of imitating the actions which occurred in this movie--it's a joke--not a terrifying "gangsta" film. the cars and clothing were impressive, as was the decorative, "vic's place." truly, i think of "mad dog time" as a musical comedy, less harmful than many cartoons, tv crime dramas, and talk shows. i would recommend the video for an evening of family entertainment.
this movie strikes me as one of the most successful attempts ever at coming up with plausible answers for some of the nagging questions that have cropped up in recent scholarship concerning the "passion" (suffering and death of christ) accounts in the new testament. (what motivated judas if money was not the issue? what could bring the sanhedrin to meet on a high holy day? why did pilate waffle?) it is a movie for the serious, thinking christian: fans of "the passion of the christ" will no doubt be disappointed by the lack of gory spectacle and arch characterization. as for myself, i find the portrait painted here--of the willingness of ordinary people to so blithely sacrifice common decency when their own self-interest is at stake--far more realistic and deeply unsettling. (the disinterested, "just doing my job" look on the face of the man who drives the first nail in christ's wrist is as chilling as any moment in film.) the film makes no claim to "authenticity", but the settings and costuming invariably feel more "right" than many more highly acclaimed efforts. it is a slow film but, if you accept its self-imposed limits (it is, after all, "the death"--not the life--"of christ"), ultimately a very rewarding one.
ok, so it's not a masterpiece like the godfather, but it doesn't have to be. the only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times. if it can make the viewer laugh a bunch of times, it has accomplished its purpose. i laughed out loud and left with a smile. i feel like i got my money's worth.
an axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. once again, the casting is just wonderful. i like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness. the second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. it is the very first christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as santa after having killed her own husband. just like the first episode; karma. the most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.
except for an awkward scene, this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. except for one of the robert deniro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. in the updated tradition of the princess bride this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. eight out of ten stars.
clint eastwood reprises his role as dirty harry who this time is on the case of a vigilante (sondra locke)who is killing the people that raped her and her sister at a carnival many years ago. eastwood makes the role his and the movie is mainly more action then talk, not that i'm complaining. sudden impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment.
the last of the blond bombshells is an entertaining bit of fluff. judy dench plays elizabeth, a newly widowed woman at loose ends. she has spent most of her life being the dutiful wife and mother but has never been truly happy. shortly after her husband's funeral, elizabeth is having her regular lunch date with her stick-in-the-mud children when she spots a street performer. this sparks memories of when she was a member of an all girl swing band in london during world war ii. we soon learn that the band was not exactly all girl as the drummer was a man dressing as a woman ala some like it hot. elizabeth pulls out her sax (which she has been secretly practicing throughout her marriage) and joins forces with the guitar-playing street musician. elizabeth is far more talented than the guitarist, and the money begins to flow in. she doesn't take any money as she is wealthy and doesn't need it. her playing is strictly for artistic fulfillment. elizabeth is seen one day by patrick (ian holm) who was the drummer-in-drag of the band. it seems that patrick was - and still is - quite the ladies' man, and elizabeth - being only fifteen at the time - was the only band member who did not experience patrick's "talents" other than drumming. elizabeth is inspired by her granddaughter to get the old group together once again to play for the granddaughter's school dance. thus begins a delightful trip down memory lane combined with aspects of a humorous road trip movie - all topped off with some really good swing and blues. i guess i'm at the age in which i really enjoy older actresses doing their stuff, and this film is a treasure trove as it not only stars judi dench, but she is supported by none less than olympia dukakis, leslie caron, and a host of seasoned british character actresses. this is all topped off by the extraordinary voice of cleo laine. yes, it is fluff, but totally delightful and exceedingly entertaining fluff.
this was a highly original decent movie, and a brave move for all those involved. i don't care if it's not the most well put-together movie of all time, the fact that it has eddie murphy doing something non-formulaic, and that i don't know what will happen next, makes it a favorite of mine. i wish more movies were as imaginative as this one, rather than the same old formula for entertainment.
i would reccomend this film to everyone. not only to the fans of the rocker luciano ligabue, but to all film-buffs. because it's sincere, moving, funny and true. because ligabue is a born storyteller and a film lover, and every frame of his film is made with love and care. because his characters are loved and ask to be loved. because most of the italian debut films are lousy and this one, done by an outsider, is a real joy to watch and to listen at. because stefano accorsi is gorgeous and reminds me of andrea pazienza, who was, like freccia, beautiful and talented and good and lost his life because of the heroin, that ligabue shows as it is, unglamorous and ugly, without indulging in easy moralisms. because it's a film that speaks to our heart, our ears, our souls. and because i lived the experience of the fm radios and it was exactly like that. thanks, luciano!
europa (zentropa) is a masterpiece that gives the viewer the excitement that must have come with the birth of the narrative film nearly a century ago. this film is truly unique, and a work of genius. the camerawork and the editing are brilliant, and combined with the narrative tropes of alienation used in the film, creates an eerie and unforgettable cinematic experience. the participation of barbara suwkowa and eddie constantine in the cast are two guilty pleasures that should be seen and enjoyed. max von sydow provides his great voice as the narrator. a one of a kind movie! four stars (highest rating).
i.q., in my opinion, is a sweet, charming, and hilarious romantic comedy about finding the right person for you. if you ask me, james (stephen fry) really was a dull guy. to me, ed (tim robbins) was more suited for catherine (meg ryan) than james was. anyway, everyone involved in this film did an absolutely outstanding job. now, in conclusion, i highly recommend this sweet, charming, and hilarious romantic comedy about finding the right person for you to any tim robbins or meg ryan fan who hasn't seen it. you're in for lots of laughter, so go to the video store, rent it or buy it, kick back with a friend, and watch it.
lindy (meryl streep) and her husband michael (sam neill) have just welcomed a baby girl, azaria. as seventh day adventists, they live their beliefs every day and soon have azaria dedicated to god at their church, with their two older boys looking on. michael gets a vacation and the family decides to head to ayer's rock, one of the most impressive tourist spots in all of australia. not being wealthy, the family camps near the site. after a wonderful first day, lindy puts baby azaria to sleep in one of the tents. suddenly, she hears azaria crying. as lindy rushes to the tent, a dingo dog is just exiting, shaking his head. the baby is gone and soon, so is the dingo. although the entire camp looks for the baby, she is not found. concluding she is dead and that the dingo made off with their beloved child, the chamberlains struggle to accept god's decision and go on with their lives. but, unfortunately, the story gets sensational coverage in the news media and soon the tale is circulated that lindy murdered the baby. she is subsequently arrested and put on trial. how could this happen? this is a great depiction of real events that shows how "mob rule" is not a figment of the imagination. the entire country turns against the chamberlains, in part because they are seen as odd. streep gives her best performance ever as the complex lindy, whose own strong-willed demeanor works against her every step of the way. neill, likewise, does a wonderful job as the hesitant and confused michael. the cast is one of the largest ever, with depictions of folks around the country getting their digs into lindy's case. the costumes, scenery, script, direction and production are all top of the line. if you have never seen or heard of this film, remedy that straight away. it is not a far cry from reality to say that this "cry" should be seen by all who care about film and about the misused power of the media.
lexi befriends jennifer, a thin, intelligent girl at her new school. lexi's parents have just split up. soon, jen tells lexi of her eating disorder, and the two begin dieting and exercising together. they both are in the school's volley ball team. lexi's mum becomes aware of her daughter's illness, as she is losing lots of weight. lexi is admitted to hospital. she is diagnosed with anorexia nervosa, and is made to gain weight. her father visits her in hospital, and orders a feeding tube. she is better and is allowed out of hospital and she tells her mum that jen has bulimia. this leads to the two falling out, as lexi's mum tells jen's mum her suspicions. at a party jen is hit by a car, and because her heart is weak it kills her. lexi's condition worsens, as she blames herself for her best friend's death...
samuel fuller's pickup on south street is anomalous: a "red scare" movie devoid of hysteria, in which the communist threat is nothing more than the mcguffin that ignites the plot. pickpocket richard widmark relieves loose woman jean peters of her wallet containing a strip of microfilm; unbeknownst to either of them, it harbors secrets vital to the cold war. peters, as it happens, was under surveillance by fbi agents who are as nonplussed by the theft as the man who's running her, cowardly comsymp richard kiley. in trying to retrieve the precious film, both sides enlist the help of thelma ritter, a streetwise old jane who's always on the earie and willing to sell what she hears. fuller draws from an opulent palette of tempos and tonalities in telling the story, which becomes a race against the clock of escalating brutality. from the subways to the waterfront, his midsummer manhattan takes on a sweaty sheen that's almost pungent. the love scenes between peters and widmark become an unstable mixture of the tumultuous and the tender, and they're scored to "again," a song introduced by ida lupino in road house, also starring widmark. the pace slackens for ritter's beautifully written and played death scene -- among the most poignant vignettes in all noir, and a kind of mirage-oasis in a film parched of sentimentality. this is writer/director fuller's only work in the strictest confines of the noir cycle; his later explorations of american pathology (the crimson kimono, the naked kiss, underworld u.s.a.) never resulted in a synthesis as satisfying as pickup on south street.
val kilmer and dylan mcdermott are terrific. i have seen kilmer on the doors, however his interpretation of john holmes is superb. nothing compared to boogie nights which was kind of slow. wonderland is a movie which is able to show you a horrible crime story from the perspective from a guy who is just indulged in his drug vice and indolent of what ever happens around. at the same time, the john holmes character shows a very clever hustler who is able to pass through the nastiest and ugliest situations almost unharmed. the movie deserves being watched more than once. the seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing.
i'm disappointed that reiser (who wrote the film) felt the need to use so much profanity for no reason whatsoever. maybe that's his idea of "adult" films, plenty of nasty words with bathroom humor thrown in? i thought better of him and think less of him for this movie. falk's acting and some moments of humor as well as some possibly important themes are what made me give it such a high rating. this might be a good movie for adult children to watch and laugh over about their own folks and their foibles. but the lack of consideration for audience families seriously detriments what could have been a family film but fails. certainly not worth spending money on, though it might be worth a watch for free on television.
home room really surprised me. in comparison to other movies that were written regarding columbine high school this one is the best. home room does not show the school shooting but rather the aftermath and the effects of the community and the town. the movie focus' on two opposite characters., alecia(busy phillips) and deanna(erika christensen). alecia is an outcast who witnessed the entire shooting. she seems to show no emotion about it. deanna is a popular girl and the only surviving victim. alecia is forced to visit deanna at the hospital in order to graduate. meanwhile the police are investigating alecia as she might have known the shooting was going to happen. alecia and deanna are very different and do not get along at first. eventually they develop a mutual understanding for one another and become friends. (very much in the style of the breakfast club). home room beautifully shows the power of closeness and turmoil after a school shooting. i would recommend this film to anyone and everyone.
hollow point, though clumsy in places, manages to be an extremely endearing and amusing action movie. the primary entertainment value here is humor - everyone turns in clever performances that provide the film with a great deal of energy. oh, by the way, advocates of gun safety will be horrified by the conduct of the characters in this movie...
stan & ollie become saps at sea when their wayward little boat is commandeered by a vicious murderer. the boys are wonderful in this feature, which starts out with one of their most hilarious set pieces, the horn factory. always a few steps out of sync with the rest of creation, laurel & hardy inhabit a world where icy radios & bedded billy goats are the rule, not the exception. with its brief length, the film is more in style with their classic short subjects, which explains its episodic nature. only the boys get screen credit, but movie mavens will recognize other familiar faces: james finlayson appears as a loony doctor, richard cramer does full justice to his bad guy role, sweet mary gordon plays the boys' perplexed neighbor. that's charlie hall as the apartment house desk clerk and silent screen comic ben turpin portrays a most peculiar plumber. one of the film's script writers was silent comedian harry langdon. stan & ollie are the main focus, however. watching hardy go berserk at the sound of a horn, or laurel's antics with bananas, for instance, reminds the viewer why these fellows remain absolute cinematic giants.
has there ever been a movie more charming than this? one of the reasons everything works so well is that the group of actors really seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. the center of it is the "romance" of james stewart and margaret sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. but there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including "you've got mail", the recent update of "shop") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. everyone gets to be an intricate part of ernst lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. one of the most heartwarming scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic frank morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have christmas dinner with. a must see! **** out of ****
featuring a few of hammer's all-stars, this highly effective slice of british horror revolves around a house and the fates of it's previous tenants, whose stories are all told to a scotland yard detective, in search of a missing actor. story number one, which is probably the least impressive of the four, deals with a writer and his wife who've just moved in the house and plan to stay just for a short time so that he may write one of his horror novels. he creates a demented character named dominic, who's a very creepy looking strangler, and soon finds himself going mad as he starts to seeing this beastly looking man everywhere he goes. after his wife convinces him to seek psychiatric help, a sub-plot is introduced which frankly, didn't really work for me. i won't spoil it for you. the next story (the best in my opinion) stars the wonderful peter cushing as philip grayson, a man who's moved into the home for his retirement years and soon makes his way to a nearby wax museum(that deals in the macabre) where he's very startled to find a wax figure that looks exactly like a woman from his past. soon thereafter, an old friend(who also has a history with this woman) is in town for business and drops by to see him. the two men are in for a rude awakening as they soon discover that there was more to this woman than meets the eye. story three stars one of my very favorites...christopher lee, who plays john reid. after moving into the home with his peculiar daughter jane, the nanny that he hires becomes awfully suspicious as to the way reid suppresses his daughter. well come to find out...if she knew what lee did, she would have certainly understood. the final story is a rather light-hearted vampire tale that stars john pertwee and ingrid pitt. after buying a cloak from a mysterious merchant, actor paul henderson finds himself turning into the very creature that he's portrayed several times in his career. overall, the pacing and direction were very good, as was the most of the performances. there were nice gothic touches here and there and an effective score to complement the ambiance. this one's a keeper, and comes highly recommended.
having seen cube, i've been a fan of vincenzo natali's work. natali seems to have this inept ability to take a storyline, and hardly wring it our like a wet towel for all the storyline he can muster. instead, he lets the stories themselves unfold in natural ways, so much in fact, that you may in fact believe there is this cube were people try to escape, or in the case of nothing, a large empty expanse where there is... nothing! the advert had me hooked instantly. it seemed so simple! take two characters who no one likes, and send them to a world where there is nothing. natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist. in fact, the world of nothing becomes something of an irony within the film. there's nothing there, but also 'something' there. it might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading. i was fortunate enough to actually understand that the film leaned to a more comedic side than the trailer otherwise told so. therefore upon watching the film, i laughed every now and again, whereas someone who the advert mislead may find themselves utterly confused. if i may take a minute to give the film some praise, where the film excels on is the concept. it is a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters there, not two brilliant minded characters, who will philosophise and work out their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no clue as to where the hell they are! another strong point is the film's cinematography, though at first this may not seem it! where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, a perception of depth becomes faulty. it is hard to determine where things are placed in the mis-en-scene. the cinematography has many moments where this actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and background, allowing a sense of depth to be realised. however, this film does lack in certain areas. the film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the novelty of this world of nothing becomes rather dull, and you wish to find some form of resolution within the plot. we can also argue that the acting is once again, questionable. these two characters are in a sense, unlikeable, therefore we feel no sympathy at any point for these characters. however, on a flip side of that, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough, but there is something lacking. even so, i do rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film! do not let the trailer fool you into thinking this is another science-fiction horror film. it is much more of a comedy than that! it is indeed worth watching though, purely for the concept itself!
"le locataire"("the tenant")is without a doubt one of the most important horror movies ever made.polanski stars as a trelkovsky,a timid file clerk living in paris,who answers an advertisement for an apartment,only to find that the previous tenant attempted suicide by leaping from the apartment window.trelkovsky is compelled to visit her in the hospital and there he meets stella(isabelle adjani).trelkovsky immediately moves in when the previous tenant dies and,at first,is quite pleased with having found such a nice apartment.his happiness is soon replaced by waves of paranoia as he becomes increasingly suspicious of his neighbours,who seem to be trying to provoke trelkovsky into repeating the previous tenant's suicide.this film is great.polanski manages to create a surreal atmosphere of dread and paranoia.plenty of brilliant moments such as the classic scene where trelkovsky discovers the previous tenant's tooth in a hole in the wall,or the fever dream where he wanders into the building's bathroom to find the walls covered with hieroglyphics.the photography by sven nykvist is truly beautiful."the tenant" is a neglected gem.it may be difficult to track down,but it is more than worth the effort.
one of the most unheralded great works of animation. though it makes the most sophisticated use of the "cut-out" method of animation (a la "south park"), the real talent behind "twice upon a time" are the vocal characterizations, with lorenzo music's (carlton from tv's "rhoda") woody allen-ish ralph-the-all-purpose-animal being the centerpiece. the "accidental nightmare" sequence is doubtless one of the best pieces of animation ever filmed.
i liked this movie a lot. the animation was well done and the romance was cute. i liked most of bryan adams' songs and the hans zimmer score was excellent. what a lot of people don't realize is how well it relates to the heart of darkness/apocalypse now themes (what happens when so-called "civilization" invades someone elses home, what does it mean to be "civilized" etc.). the opening scenery and music were very stirring. the film is a lament to an america that was once beautiful.
i saw this movie on the hallmark channel and thought it was wonderful, especially since it was based on a true man. pierce brosnan was very good as the loner english man who took on the persona of the half breed grey owl. the photography was beautiful. this movie made me do more research into this character archie belaney known simple as grey owl. i want to read as much as i can about him. at the time i did not know richard attenborough had directed it. but i am not surprised. i like all his movies whether he is acting or directing. i gave it the highest rating. however, i would have liked to have seen more in the movie about why he took on this persona as it only showed the two aunts who raised him and his room in their house. you can't go wrong with this movie if you are like me and enjoy a beautiful story without hearing foul language and contrived special effects every few minutes.
this movie will go down down in history as one of the greats, right along side of citizen kane, casablanca, and on the waterfront. someone please convince leno to do a sequel! leno and morita are a comedy duo, the likes of which haven't been seen since abbot and costello. the evil that emanates from chris sarandon, tom noonan, and randall "tex" cobb will give you the chills. dingman's character as the buffoonish oaf hearkens back to the days of shakespeare's comedies. and the climax. my goodness, the climax. i won't ruin it for you, but it makes the explosion of the death star pale in comparison. if you can track down this hard-to-find gem, do yourself and your family a favor and buy it immediately. i'm still holding out hope for a special edition dvd one of these days.
but the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..enjoy! tom hulce is magnificent as dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, eugene, played by ray liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. due to eugene's work schedule, dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. he really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. he stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely involving and sad and heartbreaking. those unafraid of these things will have a field day with this beautiful story, its loving characters and a great song i cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely appropriate..but you hear it in a bar. i thought tom hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'amadeus' i figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. no such luck. liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. all i can say about jamie lee curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in pittsburgh about two brothers who you will never forget.
"the groove tube" was one of only two ken shapiro movies, the other one being the equally zany "modern problems". this one is just a full-scale parody of tv. aside from shapiro - who apparently didn't do anything after "modern problems" - the movie also stars chevy chase and henry winkler's cousin richard belzer. the three cast members (plus some other people in smaller roles) appear in various skits. one of the funniest ones features chase in a geritol-spoofing commercial, in which he's describing the medicine as his wife strips, and it ends with her humping him. there's also a pornographic news program, an irritating cooking show, and the epic tale of some drug dealers. anyway, the whole thing's just a real hoot. in my opinion, the three best tv-spoofing movies are this one, plus "tunnelvision" and "kentucky fried movie" (although i might also include "the truman show"). really funny. i wonder what ever did become of ken shapiro.
i saw "the grudge" yesterday, and wow... i was really scared, a good thing. i love horror-movies, and i really liked this one. there were so many 'surprise'-scenes (what's the english word?) that made you jump in your seat. though, too much screaming from the audience made it difficult not to laugh. i think the most scary scene was... on the bus, when the face flashes by on the window, or when yoko's walking without her chin. the make-up is also very good. sometimes you could really see it was there, but it was still adding a freaky look to the scene. the boy was very good indeed, so cute without make-up and so terribly scary with it on. the next time i hear a cracking noise i will probably feel pretty scared...
this adaptation of pearl s. buck's film is certainly a classic. a true hollywood epic, it has all the things a great hollywood film has: birth, death, happiness, sadness, exhilaration, despair, and so on. there is only one thing that irks me. i know it was a sign of the times, but neither of the two main characters are played by asian actors. paul muni was a great actor, and he does an admirable job as wang lung, the owner of a farm in china. luise rainier plays olan. she does not even look chinese! i think she tried to get the role, but they should have put anna may wong in the role. i know why they didn't, and ms. rainier is very good in the film, but they hardly tried to make her look "authentic". stillm its a great film, especially if you read the book (i did in high school, decades ago). its a must see, just look beyond the casting. i think you can.
until i saw this special on hbo, i had never heard of eddie izzard. i sure am glad that i have now! he is one of the funniest comedians i have ever seen! rarely has a comedian immersed himself so completely in his craft then eddie. i could not stop laughing for the entire show. if you like to laugh you have to see this special!
this is one of those movies that you keep thinking about when you wake up the next morning. it will give you that warm, fuzzy feeling and leave you with a smile on your face. sure, we get fed the typical stereotype characters and stories, but it does do the trick: entertain. being from sweden and living in the us for quite sometime, it is funny how we react. "the deadbeat husband is going to kill him", "she (gabriella) is going to die and then there will be a heartbreaking larger-than-life ending". we know how these things work, everything comes together at the end. and it did. the characters were somewhat simple, they were so elaborate that you didn't really think twice about it, nothing was really left for your own imagination. the closest would probably be siv, she makes you ask yourself if she indeed was in love with daniel, but that's about it. but the movie is beautiful, set in rural norrland, the music is absolutely amazing and the characters are lovable. michael nyqvist is truly genius, with his crazy unique look and frida hallberg is charming and approachable. maybe a little too nice. but most of all this movie makes you feel, and that is the most important thing. you cry, you laugh, you hate and you identify. i don't know about you guys, but that does not happen that often.
the jist: see something else. this film was highly rated by gene siskel, but after watching it i can't figure out why. the film is definitely original and different. it even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel. but it just isn't entertaining. it also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. i don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do. this is a difficult movie to take on -- i suggest you don't accept the challenge.
the whole does not even come close to the sum of the parts. no problem. this film features a line-up of some of the most diversely creative directors of our time and some really famous names in the cast. the segments are devised around the same theme, "love in paris", but the resemblance ends there. actually, considering that the approach to the theme from all these different directors takes so many forms, it is amazing that we can even feel we are still watching the same film. no great effort has been made to turn it into a comprehensive whole. this buffet has so many great ingredients, i am glad nobody tried to put them all in a single dish.
yes, i call this a perfect movie. not one boring second, a fantastic cast of mostly little known actresses and actors, a great array of characters who are all well defined and who all have understandable motives i could sympathize with, perfect lighting, crisp black and white photography, a fitting soundtrack, an intelligent and harmonious set design and a story that is engaging and works. it's one of those prime quality pictures on which all the pride of hollywood should rest, the mark everyone should endeavor to reach. barbara stanwyck is simply stunning. there was nothing this actress couldn't do, and she always went easy on the melodramatic side. no hysterical outbursts with this lady - i always thought she was a better actress than screen goddesses like bette davis or joan crawford, and this movie confirmed my opinion. always as tough as nails and at the same time conveying true sentiments. it is fair to add that she also got many good parts during her long career, and this one is by far the least interesting. the title fits this movie very well. it is about desires, human desires i think everyone can understand. actually, no one seems to be scheming in this movie, all characters act on impulse, everybody wants to be happy without hurting anybody else. the sad fact that this more often than not leads to complications makes for the dramatic content into which i will not go here. i liked what this movie has to say about youth, about maturing and about the necessity to compromise. the movie i associate most with this one is alfred hitchcock's shadow of a doubt, it creates a similar atmosphere of idealized and at the same time caricatured small town america. the story has a certain similarity with fritz lang's considerably harsher movie clash by night, made one year earlier, where stanywck stars in a similar part. i can also recommend it.
i really liked this film when it was released, and i still do, because the storyline makes you feel hopeful about life in general, and people too...one of the things i like about the films of lawrence kasdan. in addition to the positive vibes from the film, there are other reasons to like grand canyon. for one thing, it has an outstanding cast...kevin kline and danny glover, for example. in my opinion, crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the oscar for best picture, was very similar to this film. the difference is that grand canyon leaves you feeling positive. crash had the opposite effect with me; it was very dark. i would choose grand canyon over crash any day.
okay. this movie is a pure pleasure. it has the ever so violent horror mixed with a little suspense and a lot of black comedy. the dentist really starts to loose his mind and it's enjoyable to watch him do so. this movie is for certain people, though. either you'll completely love it or you will totally hate it. a good movie to rent and watch when you don't got anything else to do. also recommended: psycho iii
i just read the plot summary and it is the worst one i have ever read. it does not do justice to this incredible movie. for an example of a good summary, read the listing at "turner classic movies". anyway, this was one of my favorite movies as a young child. my sister and i couldn't wait until every april when we could see it on t.v. it is one of the best horse movies of it's time. it is one of those great classics that the whole family can watch. the romance is clean and endearing. the story line is interesting and the songs are great. they don't make movies like this anymore. good acting and not over the top. pat boone and shirley jones are at their best, along with many other great character actors.
i think you would have to be from the usa to get a lot of the jokes. but if you liked princess bride and forest gump, you would like this movie. you can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously done on purpose. killer tomatoes is a hundred times better than nepolean dynamite. just my opinion. i'm sure that people from france would not appreciate the caricatures of the french. so this film isn't for a world audience. and while i am not a trained film critic, i know what i like. i couldn't stop laughing through the whole movie. my sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie.
the performance by om puri, smita patil, and sadashiv amrapurkar and the whole chemistry comes off nicely, along with the minimalist approach to story telling and direction by govind nihlani. the dialogues by vijay tendulkar is also great. i have not seen another movie like this. it is one whole, each piece so nicely fit in the plot. you cannot not be impressed by this movie. amrish puri comes off as the bossy husband and 'baap' of om puri. om puri is the young man caught between his sense of duty and his inability to fight the system. sadhashiv as rama shetty gives just about the right touch to the movie with his smiling and soft speaking villain. the first meeting of anand velankar with rama shetty's at sadhashiv's place is absoulely stunning. smita patil does not play a main role, but her part is also not distracting from the main plot. and to add to this all kafi inamdar plays the role of a cop who has come to terms with the system and its workings. saying right things in the right places and knowing how to keep himself away from trouble. he is also the 'guru' of om puri and helps him whenever he gets into trouble. the movie not only brings to focus the difficulties faced by a police officer trying to do his duty but also the other side of brutalities in police custody. om puri captures hopelessness and the burning desire to break free in this exceptional performance in ardh satya. a treat to all avid fans of indian cinema.
this film is a great example of fine storytelling. the acting is superb. the story is inspiring without being overly manipulative or fake. there were a couple points where they probably made people a tad more good or bad than they really were, but considering it is a hollywood movie, they showed amazing restraint. there wasn't a single explosion shown in the movie, even though they had one opportunity to. the film, while having suspenseful parts, was not made into an action movie. the story is thus made to focus on an extraordinary man in unfortunately ordinary times. well done!
i saw this movie again as an assignment for my management class. were to mainly comment on the different management styles and ideas on quality(of the product). i did rent this one back in the eighties and i remember it to be good(but not great)movie. i've always liked michael keaton's style and delivery. he was a perfect fit for the movie. i am surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie. i grant you yes it's no oscar winner but it does have decent comedic value. it's more of a subtle comedy rather than a all-out comedy farce. i also find some of those that felt this was an inaccurate film on cultural and business differences. i beg to differ. i grant you again that there are a lot of generalities and dramatizations but then again this is hollywood film not a documentary. from what i've read about differences between automakers on both sides of the pacific at that time many of the principle ideas were accurate for the time. some of the basic differences were that japanese workers made to feel as part of the company as a whole. teamwork was emphasized. they perhaps made the company above all else. where american workers had more of a management verses labor type of relationship. the individual was more important than the company. i'll probably get some hate email over that comment i'm sure. another difference was how quality was viewed and whose responsibility it was to fix. in many japanese plants defects or problems are examined and fixed at the time it is discovered. rather as one character in the movie put it "it was the dealers(meaning car dealer) problem". many of these things are probably dated but i'm sure some are still around as many us car makers are still struggling to keep up with the japanese. if one is more interested in the subject of american, european and japanese automakers i can recommend a book that studies this subject in more detail and was done around the same time period. the book is called "the machine that changed the world" by james womack, daniel jones and daniel roos. it's about a study of automakers during and before the time period that this movie covers. parts are bit dry but i think you'll find that it backs up much the movie also.
loved it but still have nightmares over the hotel manager.the movie, was presented well, with the choice of actors carrying their roles to reality of the writing. many scenes gripped the imagination and created a nail biter. the progression of situations were cleverly written,making me believe the story was headed one way only to find a new twist on what i thought might be the obvious. too bad there have to be commercials.i have told many friends to watch for further showings and i of course will view again.i enjoyed the scenery of the film and felt this added to the plots and intrigue. husband and wife heated discussions(or should i say fights?) were very realistic.the initial situation is a common one but the escalation into the story presented fortunately is not.i want to thank all who were involved in this great entertainment film. thank you! looking forward to the next films---when? whidbey
i saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it. i was very moved by this movie. i found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault. as in real life though sometimes people disappoint, as was the case with leo, who even though i liked his character i could not have been more disappointed when he was willing to have unprotected sex even though fully aware of his hiv status. i was also disappointed with leo for rejecting the medicine available to him, and the awful way he treated marcel when he decided to ship him back home on the train. i think this movie showed in a very real way why hiv numbers are up in young gay men. this is in no way meant to bash gays (i am gay) and movie very well could have been made about a young straight person who makes bad choices and seems unaware of the consequences to himself and others. the only part of the movie i couldn't understand was why the (gay friendly) family was unwilling to include marcel in leo's illness to the point of not allowing him to go to the funeral. i think the biggest message from this movie is that whether gay or straight is do not have unprotected sex!
as has been well documented by previous posters, the real stars of rockstar: inxs - and, indeed it's sequel, rockstar: supernova - are paul mirkovich, rafael moreira, jim mcgorman, nate morton and sasha krivtsov. don't know who they are? they are the awesome, tight, rockin' house band whose music savvy and talent made this show something more than a sad american idol clone. remember the "strings" night? that was musical precision and perfection if ever i've seen it. suzie mcneil's epic rendition of queen's 'bohemian rhapsody', ty taylor's memorable cover of the stones' 'you can't always get...', jd fortune singing "suspicious minds". the common denominator here is the awesome house band. as good as inxs were in their prime, they are sadly a shadow of their former selves, though jd's live performance has somewhat breathed new life into their music, this show is all about the hb. memo to producers: season three (if we're blessed enough to have it happen) should be rockstar: house band. get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places.
ok, this movie starts out like a cheesy lifetime movie and doesn't get better till almost well through the movie. the script is full of 'cheese' and 'fluff' and cast is not well directed for the most part. for the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves. i do not think this is one of her best acting jobs. the only reason i bought the movie is because it was on sale and had ellen burstyn in it. she's terrific but this is also not one of her best acting gigs. the story is based on true events and that helps the movie. actually, i didn't even like the movie at first and was getting disgusted when i saw stills of the balloon traveling, i mean..let it get where it's suppose to go and be done with it! but all is forgiven by the time it does reach it's destination and the story comes to a close. if this doesn't bring a tear to your eye, nothing will! it's cheesy and predictable but also makes you feel good about the world again.
i used this film in a religion class i was teaching. the golden fish is swimming happily in his bowl in an upper floor apartment. a young boy and his mother are away from home. the boy has been given money to buy milk. on the way home, he stops at carnival to play a game. next to him stands a man in a black suit looking a little scary. the boy drops the bottle of milk. it breaks. the man in the black suit gives him money to replace the milk. this scene alternates with what is happening at home. a black cat climbs the fire escape and enters the apartment. he(?) discovers the fish bowl and watches it. the fish swims energetically and flips out of the bowl. by now, a bunch of teenagers in my class and i have fallen in love with the fish. the cat takes the fish in his mouth and we all hold our breath. the cat drops the fish into the bowl. the double story line includes the suspicious man in black and the suspicious black cat. both inspire prejudice. both are innocent. it was a great discussion starter in my class.
this is a great story of family loyalty which, thankfully, doesn't resort to the usual tricks (or at least the ones i'm used to seeing in american and european films) of supersentimentality or high dramatic tension. it's very watchable and very lovable. it has some beautiful cinematography, but doesn't rely on that alone to entertain.
i recently rented this doc, having remembered hearing about it from imdb.com and being intrigued by the premise. i knew very little about either of these bands, but i do remember hearing "not if you were the last junkie on earth" by the dandy warhols ages ago and enjoying it. that being said, this is my perspective on the doc: one thing i found incredible about this film is there is no need to have any prior knowledge of either of these bands. the director (ondi timoner) wastes no time in engaging the audience and familiarizing them with the people in this film. i quickly became grooved to the lives both anton and courtney as well as their respective bands, the brian jonestown massacre and the dandy warhols. i think that is part of what makes this doc so good, and what makes ondi timoner such a master documentarian. i also loved how the "story" of these bands was told. most of what you see is of the bands on tour. both bands start out playing small venues and struggling to make it in the recording industry. throughout the film, each band strives to remain unique and uncontrolled by the norm. however it is this that makes the two bands similar, and thus the brilliant perspective on how two bands of a feather can go in such different directions. i would basically recommend this for anyone who likes film in general. you do not need to have a particular love for documentaries, or either of the bands. an appreciation for music helps, but the music itself takes a backseat to the love/hate relationship between the brian jonestown massacre and the dandy warhols.
netflix should mention this short feature on the info for silk stockings. superior in every way to that over-produced fluff. this had much better cole porter songs and lots more energy. silk stockings turned out to be a big disappointment. fred was getting too old for this sort of thing, though the dances and cyd are lovely. i will be on the watch for the garbo--melvyn douglas version of ninotchka. was peter lorre ill during the making of silk stockings--he seems to be very passive in the more active numbers and with less lines? very glad that i ran across paree--paree by pure accident. made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable. bob hope, as a simple "song and dance man' is pure joy.
i saw this film at a store in the cheap section. i actually vividly remembered seeing the commercials and trailer for it years ago. i thought "what the hey' and bought it, basically because the plot sounded interesting and claire danes has always been someone of talent in my eyes (this was also before i became a huge kate beckinsale fan). so it's about two girls who sneak off to a vacation in bangkok, get busted for narcotics (which they are innocent of) and then are sent to a thailand prison. the film follows what will happen to them and at times questions their innocence. both claire danes and kate beckinsale give great performances, and the plot of this film wraps itself up unconventionally, and raises some nice moral discussion questions. i think this is a solid good film, but there could have been some improvements. it could have been longer...it would've helped to solidify these characters and more insight into the politics of thailand's justice system would've helped. nevertheless, other than that, it's a good film with some great performances. p.s. for all you pop-culture junkies be on the lookout for a two-minute role by paul walker. i didn't even notice him the first time i saw the film.
during a kurt weill celebration in brooklyn, where do we go from here? was finally unearthed for a screening. it is amazing that a motion picture, from any era, that has weill-gershwin collaborations can possibly be missing from the screens. the score stands tall, and a cd of the material, with gershwin and weill, only underscores its merits, which are considerable. yes, the film has its problems, but the score is not one of them. ratoff is not in his element as the director of this musical fantasy, and fred macmurray cannot quite grasp the material. then, too, the 'modern' segment is weakly written. but the fantasy elements carry the film to a high mark, as does the work of the two delightful leading ladies - joan leslie and june haver. both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work. as a world war ii salute to our country's history - albeit in a 'never was' framework, the film has its place in hollywood musical history and should be available for all to see and to find its considerable merits.
i was very moved by the story and because i am going through something similar with my own parents, i really connected. it is so easy to forget that someone whose body is failing was once vibrant and passionate. and then there's the mistakes they made and have to live with. i loved ellen burstyn's performance and who is christine horne? she's fantastic! a real find. there is probably the most erotic scene i've ever seen in a film, yet nothing was shown - it was just so beautifully done. overall the look and feel of the film was stunning, a real emotional journey. cole hauser is very very good in this picture, he humanizes a man spiraling downwards. i liked the way the filmmaker approached this woman's life, never sentimental, never too much - just enough to hook us in, but not enough to bog down.
the main reason i wanted to see this movie was because of the wonderful cast. a ton of my favorite actors in one movie equals amazing with out actually seeing it. but this movie caught me off guard. it wasn't what i was expecting at all. it's been a while since i've seen it but i do remember i could not stop laughing!!! and it wasn't just the cast that did it for me. the script was amazingly written. every time you were expecting something to happen it didn't happen. there were so many twists and turns but it fit with the whole tone of the movie instead of coming off as pretentious. the cinematography, along with the set, was absolutely beautiful as well. i really can't say anything bad about this movie! expcept, i would have andrew davoli a little more screen time!
an our gang comedy short. the gang coerces spanky into watching their younger siblings. caring for these forgotten babies turns out to be quite a chore, leaving the little nipper with no choice but to come up with some ingenious solutions to the baby-sitting problem... spanky is in his glory in this hilarious little film, arguably his best. highlight: spanky's retelling the plot of the tarzan movie he's recently seen to the audience of infants. movie mavens will recognize billy gilbert's voice in the radio drama.
a have a female friend who is currently being drawn into a relationship with an sob who has a long term girlfriend. of course the sob is very good-looking, charming, etc and my friend is a very intelligent woman. watching jean pierre leaud's character at work is exactly like watching what goes on in real life when guys like that destroy the lives of our female friends. it's tragic, and you know she's going to end up very hurt, but there's nothing you can do. leaud is brilliant. totally empty. a blank throughout, he pulls the faces and tells the stories he thinks will get the reaction he wants. the scene two hours in when leaud and lebrun have made love, and the next morning he puts on a record and, very sweetly and charmingly, sings along to amuse her is brilliant. the "what the hell am i doing here with this idiot" expression that flickers back and forth across her face will be in my memory for a long time to come. it's a long film, but see it in one go, preferably in a cinema. takes a while to get into, but then the time just disappears.
initially, i would have thought that secret sunshine had something critical to say of religion (and here being christianity), and wondered if it would be something of a rant against the ills of blind faith, or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly holier than thou. surprisingly, it was none of the sort and was largely non-judgemental, putting in place events as a matter of fact, and allowing the audience to draw their own judgement and conclusion. and i can't help but to chuckle at the role of song kang-ho, a man who's taken a liking for widower shin-ae (jeong do-yeon), and starts going to church when she does. the reasons for church going are many i suppose, either to find inner peace, to seek help, being afraid of eternal damnation in the fires of hell, to reaffirm faith, or even things like wanting to get married in a church, or to skirt chase (i kid you not). but to each his own reasons for turning up in church every sunday and participating in prayer groups for fellowship, what is indeed dangerous, is when the underlying ulterior motives, do not get satisfied, and that's when frustration sets in. or when you discover how hypocritical man can be, portraying one face inside the house of god, and displaying yet another outside. shin-ae and her son jun moves to the town of miryang, which is the birthplace of her deceased husband. wanting to start life anew, she opens up a piano shop to give lessons, though in discovering her new found freedom and in a moment's lack of good judgement, has another tragedy befall her. and that takes one hour to get to. secret sunshine really took its time to get to this point, where things then begin to get slightly more interesting with shin-ae now taking to embracing religion to deal with and accept her current state, reveling in the comfort that religion, and fellow believers, can offer. what began as crying out for sympathy turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve the ills of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if it's because of your personal myopic view of what the almighty is doing for you, that you begin to adopt a somewhat selfish opinion that everything's good going your way, and in shin-ae's case, her magnanimous attitude in wanting to forgive others who had trespassed against her, forgetting something very fundamental that it the feeling can cut both ways too. the last act is probably the most fun of the lot as it says plenty, where most of us can identify with - why me, and why not someone else, as we rage against our faith and start questioning, unfortunately, with no hard and fast answers available. it is then either we fall by the wayside, or continue with destructive deeds so rebelliously. but somehow the plug gets carefully pulled in secret sunshine so as not to offend, and what could have been an ugly character mouthpiece, got muted. if you bite into the hype this movie is generating, then perhaps you'll realize only jeong do- yeon's excellent portrayal is worth mentioning, as she totally owns her role as the widow shin-ae who is probably the most unluckiest person on earth in having to deal with that many tragedies over a short period of time, and if you look at it carefully, most of which are of her own doing. watching her transformation, is worth the ticket price, and despite having my personal favourite korean actor song kang-ho in the movie, this is something he just breezed right through.
a lot of the user comments i have seen on the imdb for this movie don't really do it justice. first of all, let me just say that this movie is not to be taken seriously. it's supposed to be a fun, yet stupid movie, that doesn't require one to think, only to enjoy it. if you watch this movie with the intent to see a masterpiece in either filmmaking or in humour, then you will be sorely disappointed. yet, if you want to just watch a goofy movie with some talented actors/actresses, and some good catch-phrases, then you will enjoy it.
the movie held my interest, mainly because dianne keaton is my favorite actress. i disagree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was not convoluted. i had no trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). the movie was very sad and touching as well. what more do you want? alexa davalos is a fine new talent (beautiful too), and tom everett scott does an excellent job with his part as well. the relationship of the mother and daughter may have been a bit unrealistic, but the behavior of the young people in the movie was not. it was tragically sad but enlightening. it sure beat the other shows that were on tv new years day evening
a young solicitor in sent to a remote area to wrap up the estate of a recently deceased client. when he arrives he finds that he is made less than welcome by the local villagers and that his deceased client was not liked. to speed things up he decides to move from the local inn and take up residence in her home, a house that is usually fogbound and approached only by a causeway that is blocked off by the sea most of the day. once there he sees visions of a woman in black, is she real or imaginary,he is also subjected to the blood curdling cries of a woamn and child apparently drowning in the marshes, these events take their toll on him and he soon becomes quite terrified. atmospheric tv adaptation of a famous play by susan hill, that spends it first third building up its characters, before moving to the creepy country house, its poor colour contrast give away its tv roots immediately, this really should have been in black & white, but still as a ghost story it had a couple of unsettling moments, still though after waiting so long to see it i must say i was sadly just a little underwhelmed.
what's good about it: some inventive and genuinely creepy little effects that will get under the skin of even the most seasoned horror fan. doesn't rely on the hackneyed soundtrack stabs for its "gotcha" moments. even if you've seen everything, there's still a few things in this film that will make your jaw drop. what could have been better about it: the acting was, at times, flat and unconvincing. it had a "shot-on-video" quality in some places (though,it mostly achieved the atmosphere it was striving for), and the camera work is full of needless close-ups of meaningless actions. though the effects are genuinely creepy, i think they may have gone to the well a few too many times with some of them. the ending seemed rushed, and glossed over what could have been more impactful moments. the viewer is left to figure out a lot of things for themselves, not as a challenge by the filmmakers, but because they just missed it. still, a good little indie horror film that is easily several steps above the average. well worth the rental.
earth is a must see for children and adults. my son had great fun watching all these funny birds and ice bears. we can learn a lot from this movie and we should be proud on our great treasure on earth. there are some animals in danger to disappear. exactly that problem should prevent all the authorities of our planet. this documentary offers many exceptional pictures that i have never seen before. then it is well accompanied by a heavenly music. the director did a great job here that gets high respect. nothing can stop me and my family to give earth the highest rate. i hope so much that the stuff will create a sequel.
"holly" is an issue-driven film, but it is neither manipulative nor overly sentimental. at its heart is it is a character-driven film, which wouldn't be nearly so successful without the fleshed-out portrayals of patrick (ron livingston), the lost soul with the gradually awakening conscience, and holly (thuy nguyen), the strong-willed but ultimately over-matched young vietnamese girl. from the vibrant locations and photography to the effective editing, everything is forthright and well-done. the contemporary classical score may put some off at first, but it is top-notch composition and underscores the admirable restraint which is evident throughout. this film, which raises many issues but provides few clear-cut answers, ultimately succeeds in raising awareness of and compassion for holly and the many who share her plight. kudos to those who managed to get it made.
this may not be war & peace, but the two academy noms wouldn't have been forthcoming if it weren't for the genius of james wong howe... this is one of the few films i've fallen in love with as a child and gone back to without dissatisfaction. whether you have any interest in what it offers fictively or not, bb&c is a visual feast. i'm not saying it's his best work, i'm no expert there for sure. but the look of this movie is amazing. i love everything about it; elsa lanchester, the cat, the crazy hoo-doo, the retro-downtown-ness; but the way it was put on film is breathtaking. i even like the inconsistencies pointed out on this page above, and the "special effects" that seem backward now. it all creates a really consistent world.
like a streetcar named desire (also directed by gadg both on stage and screen) panic in the streets depicts a new orleans in which its major claim to fame - the birthplace of jazz - doesn't even rate a mention. it was richard widmark's seventh film and arguably went a long way to establishing him as the fine actor he really was rather than merely a psychotic killer. gadg himself appears in an uncredited small role as a morgue attendant but the film is rich in talent beginning with jack palance (still being billed as walter jack palance)as the local mr 'big' followed side-kick zero mostel, barbara bel geddes, emile meyer, tommy rettig plus the rock-solid ever reliable paul douglas as the cop who comes round to doc widmark's point of view. it's a very rewarding movie more so for being little seen. catch it if you can.
"i moved out here to get away from this kind of thing!" the small town sheriff laments. "this happens a lot in chicago?" his deputy asks. well, no, not really. the plot is that a group of martians mistake a halloween rebroadcast of orson welles' war of the worlds as an account of a real martian invasion, and conclude they need to get in on the action! what follows are a bunch of mishaps involving the martian's haphazard attempts to conquer the town of "big bean, il". everyone concludes they are kids in really good costumes, except for the sheriff's daughter and her friend, a kid in a duck suit. the martians themselves are comical, and you get the impression they are no threat to anyone but themselves pretty early on. it's a fun family movie.
it's a tale that could have taken place anywhere really, given the right circumstances. street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing. the aging entertainer finds/buys a male child to pass his art to. from there, we follow them through the rigors of their challenging, but free life along the river. traveling town to town, he performs and has some degree of notoriety. despite the times and the influences, the man is kind and good. overall, the performances are first rate, especially xu zhu, who portrays the street performer. the child (renying zhou) is beautiful, and downright strong, and withstands the overt prejudices well. the two protagonists, along with supporting help from the kind opera singer, master liang (an interestingly androgynous zhao zhigang), paint a very interesting tale of forgiveness, sadness and love. some have mentioned this film's remote similarities to ba wang bie ji (farewell my concubine); yet this film can't stand easily on its own, any resemblance is remote at best. my only qualm with the king of masks, is the ending. it was weak, cliche and about as subtle as a sledgehammer. the audience was already wrapped up in the story, what was the needless manipulation for? what a shame. to bring a fine motion picture that far, only to surrender to emotional (and corny) pathos like that. it frankly made this film good, instead of the classic, it should've been. that aside, the king of masks is still very well worth your time. i was happy to see the shaw brothers are still producing good films. highly recommended.
the film is exceptional in it's gay iconography and extends this beyond the asthetics to the music and cast. throughout the whole film exists a childlike wonder as seen through the eyes of the main character. her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful. in a way it's a slacker movie for girls. watch this is you fancy a relaxing entertaining mid-night movie. buy this if you like diferent takes on the world of media and love combined (?).
in this glorious telling of a weekend shared among literary greats. mary and percy shelly,lord byron and others created a entrancing group. showing their quests for sexual enlightenment. personal freedoms from political to moral. liberal drug use for both stimulations and as addiction. their creative views of life and writing. describing without boring the viewer how each writer seeks to find their muse. along with the distractions and affections each share. with breathtaking scenery that does not detract but very much enhances the story. well created characters from grim to loving then angry to peaceful. with some of the most lovely and scene enhancing costuming to be had.
some genre films need to be dressed up. this one was an exception. taken on its own merit, it's a dressed down version of the horror genre film. with minimal special effects, it manages to be a psychological study of sorts, with a simple yet existential theme - who gets hit by the bus, and why her? it's not a great film, yet because there is little contrived about it, the story works. subtle, and all about the interactions of the characters. actually, there is one contrivance in the opening scenes, but it may have been placed there to simply set the tone for what's to come. i very much appreciate the balance of male and female energy, and would not recommend this story to anyone interested in more than people reacting to a physical and psychological challenge. you will enjoy the film if you have some empathy, value the need for a bit of adventure in your life, and wonder "what would i do in this situation?"
what seemed at first just another introverted french flick offering no more than baleful sentiment became for me, on second viewing, a genuinely insightful and quite satisfying presentation. spoiler of sorts follows. poor cedric; he apparently didn't know what hit him. poor audience; we were at first caught up in what seemed a really beautiful and romantic story only to be led back and forth into the dark reality of mismatch. these two guys just didn't belong together from their first ambiguous encounter. as much as mathieu and cedric were sexually attracted to each other, the absence of a deeper emotional tie made it impossible for mathieu, an intellectual being, to find fulfillment in sharing life with someone whose sensibilities were more attuned to carnival festivities and romps on the beach. on a purely technical note, i loved the camera action in this film. subtitles were totally unnecessary, even though my french is "presque rien." i could watch it again without the annoying english translation and enjoy it even more. this was a polished, very professionally made motion picture. though many scenes seem superfluous, i rate it nine out of ten.
i know that there are some purists out there who poo poo anything that is not exactly like the original, however sometimes spin-offs can stand on their own merits. i like the new iron chef because it is similar enough to the japanese version but at the same time caters to american spirit. i love alton brown as commentator, because he explains things with flair. the iron chefs themselves are very interesting. i know the originals were probably the best chefs on the planet at the time, but bobby flay is the only american iron chef to beat them. mario batali seems to have the most fun when cooking, making comments and being flashy while creating. i have watched the series and find all the players work together well. the judges are not always the best choices, however. there are a few exceptions, like the lawyer turned foodie, but most of the judges are questionable in being able to handle what is served. i enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising. the food at the end always looks amazing and sometimes it inspires me in the kitchen. perhaps that is all anyone can ask, to want to really eat what is served. the only thing i would really change about the series is to ask folks on the show to lighten up a little. sometimes the mood becomes a bit too tense, and that isn't always fun to watch when you are expecting more amusement. i liked the version with william shatner (iron chef usa) because it was so over-the-top like the original, but i can tell it was a pretty expensive proposition. i wish he had stayed with this version and been the host - between bill shatner and alton brown, that would have me grinning for an hour. as long as you don't expect the original japanese version and can accept this series on its own merits, you may find it to be an enjoyable hour.
a very high-standard columbo story which was actually the first filmed episode of the long-running series but was originally transmitted second (after "murder by the book"). robert culp makes his first of three appearances as the guest murderer in the series and plays the owner of a private detective agency, who blackmails the wife (patricia crowley) of a rich, highly influential businessman (played very sympathetically by ray milland) after he falsifies a report, in her favour, after it is discovered she was having an affair. the wife later rebels against the blackmail scheme but is killed in a fit of rage.... a very satisfying episode in many respects, particularly as the plot is so strongly set-up and subsequently developed and also because of the rare columbo ingredient that the crime is an unpremeditated killing. the whole thing is further enhanced when the widowed husband uses the murderer to assist columbo in his investigations: a feature that facilitates numerous good quality scenes, particularly in the first sequence when the three central characters meet and columbo's crucially deceptive qualities are wonderfully in evidence. directed with flair by bernard l. kowalski and acted to an appropriately high level, this really set the tone for whole series (since "murder by the book" was let down by a poor ending). the script by columbo creators richard levinson and william link is precise, well-structured and well-thought-out and is underpinned by a steady, productive pace and meaningful sequences which really exhibit the unpredictability of the story. ultimately, the finale fittingly epitomises that columbo has always been one step ahead of the murderer. overall, this is a very fine piece of detective work for columbo, and strongly suggests that the production team had worked positively and constructively to render a polished columbo story.
this movie was very good because it remember when i was young when i maked snow castle. it was so fun. this movie is interessant. this is a good quebeker movie with no much money and is also a magical movie because their wonderfull castle is very big and beautiful.
how can anyone not love this movie ? i think it's a hilarious spoof of all the old gangster movies; if you've never seen them, watch this instead. michael keaton has a ball in this role as anything goes. one guy mangles the english language everytime he talks and griffin dunn plays a clueless d.a., but my favorite role has got to be joe piscopo. he has all the best lines. danny devito, alan hale, ray walston are in this star-studded movie that lampoons gangsters a lot funnier than "mafia" did for the criminal underground.
what can i say that hasn't been said about "the haunting"? it has everything that would make a great picture. wonderful sets, moody music, and sound design to die for were all in place. the screenplay, though, sometimes boggles the mind in such a weird, surrealistic way. the entire team must have forgotten to read it through, maybe because they were too busy creating cg effects and building gothic sets to notice how weak the plot was. each member of the cast gives a worthy performance, although with little conviction to the material at hand. lili taylor has the most to do while the others mostly react to her. but that's about it. all i can say is that it was a slightly enjoyable two hours, but you will definitely want more. a lot more.
riget ii is a good sequel, but not quite as good as the first one. this series don't seem to be quite as serious as the first one. there are much more comedy in this, good one, though. we're back at the danish rigshospitalet, the danish national hospital. mrs. drusse is just about to leave the hospital as her work is done, but fate want's it otherwise. she is soon chasing ghosts and helmer is doing everyone mad and it's soon to get much worse as black powers are unleashed in the kingdom. this story involves a lot more comedy that the previous. by all means lot of fun, but it makes you take the series a little less serious. the story has kept a lot of elements from the last series and added some new ones. it's well written, but some of the new elements are just kind of silly, but they save it by making it more like a comedy. good story, but not as good, original and thrilling as the first series. the actors are the same with some addition to the regular cast. they are all very good. it's an odd story and setting. some parts are a total freak show and the characters change during the show so to keep it serious and keep it real is not an easy job. yet, these actors handle this whole situation perfectly. much of the good qualities from the first series are kept intact. the cinematography is one of those qualities. the hand-held camera that made trier world famous gives suspense and reality to the series. it gives the camera a unique ability to move and follow the characters and trier makes use of these abilities. good, movement, great lightning and good composition and editing makes this enjoyable to watch. be prepare to see better effect in this sequel that in the first. also be prepared to see some more. i didn't think that green thing looked all too good. thought it was unoriginal and didn't fit. never the less, the effects like the ghosts are really good. the non-digital effects looks good too. little brother looks just really odd, but you accept it. all over i'd say effects are from ok to good. the music is also quite good. moody and nice. some of it are really touching. it fits really nice. as the first one there are rather little music in the action scenes and it works very well. all together this makes a good sequel. if you'd seen riget you can see this one without being disappointed. it has many of the same qualities as the first series. however, i would recommend seeing the first series before seeing this. these two makes up a series you don't wanna miss.
kimi wa petto is a cute story about a girl who one day finds a boy inside a box that is outside her apartment one day. she decides to bring him in and fix his cuts. she then leaves a note for him to eats some food she made then go home because she had to go to work. when she gets home however she finds that he is still there. he tells her that he wants to live there with her like a brother or cousin. in desperation to get him to leave she tells him that if he became her pet then he could stay. and as a pet she says that he would have no rights and do whatever she told him. (not in that perverted way!) to her surprise he agrees and from then on he is known as momo, her pet.
brand hauser (john cusack) is an assassin for the cia. he is ordered to go to the country of turaquistan, a nation that the united states has "liberated", and kill a businessman named omar shariff. this is because the american conglomerate, tamerlane, that is putting the country "back together" will not stand for shariff, an oil man from a neighboring state, laying down his own pipeline through war-torn turquistan. but, once there, brand runs into difficulties. one, he meets a determined journalist, natalie (marisa tomei) who wants to tell the american public the "true" story of the region's conflict...and of tamerlane. but, brand is aghast to realize that natalie's pretty face and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously compels him to lose focus on his mission. also, his cover as a trade show host forces him to meet the country's pop-singing princess, yonica (hillary duff), who will be getting married at the convention center. she is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also turn brand's attention away from the coming assassination. with other inept underlings and complications, will brand be able to carry out his mission, for the satisfaction of tamerlane's big boss, the former vice-president (dan ackroyd)? good for you, john cusack, to make this film, even though it doesn't quite hold together. shot in serbia, it is a worthy look at what present-day iraq must be like, a country turned upside-down. in a stroke a brilliance, the green zone here is called "the emerald city" and aptly so, for this oz-like neighborhood attempts to keep out the ravages of war going on elsewhere in the metropolis. the cast is very fine, with cusack doing a nice job and tomei, joan cusack, ben kingsley, ackroyd and others backing him up in style. duff, especially, does a great turn as the heavily-accented, heavily made-up, potty-mouthed singer. the recreation of war-riddled baghdad is so real that it hurts while the costumes and other production values are top-notch. as for the script, it isn't always cohesive but it certainly has some tremendous dialogue and scenes. for example, a young turaqui boy offers to show brand an enemy hideout, in exchange for money and candy. brand produces the cash but, because he has no candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway. brilliant! then, also, the direction is not a total success but doesn't lag very often. no, if you have conservative leanings, you probably won't like this film one bit. but, if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terrorism", this is quite a good show. therefore, do make an effort to view it, as you will be supporting those filmmakers who choose to make movies far away from those old studio "formulas".
though not a horror film in the traditional sense, this creepy little film delivers the goods. it seems a vampire is loose in a small german town draining its victims of their blood. police inspector karl brettschneider, melvyn douglas in one of his early roles, is skeptical believing a crazed killer not a vampire is running amok. the only one who believes him is ruth bertin (faye wray) the inspector's girlfriend and lab assistant to dr. otto von niemann (lionel atwill) who though apparently an eminent scientist goes along with the vampire theory. the townspeople suspect the weirdo herman gleib, played with his usual frenzy by dwight frye who seems to be having a lot of fun with his role. the film contains quite a bit of humor which helps relieve some of the intensity involved with all the murders being committed. one funny part has gussie schnappmann (maude eburne), ruth bertin's aunt, thinking weird herman has turned not into a bat but into a dog. maude eburne and dwight frye make a good comedy team. this budget movie brings in elements from "the cabinet of dr. caligari" with dr. niemann using the power of suggestion to make a somnambulist carry out his orders, from "frankenstein" by using the human blood to help create life in the laboratory, and "dracula" since the murders are believed by everyone except the inspector and his girl to be the work of a bloodsucker. thses elements are mixed well by director frank r. strayer with a little comedy thrown in for good measure. the concoction works. the restored version i viewed used tinting to increase the spooky atmosphere. so try to see the this version if possible.
for real film people, this film is a must, since it works as a perfect little allegory for the movies themselves. janos rukh/boris karloff's science has to do with capturing and projecting light from cosmic phenomena. this light can do harm, or it can be harnessed to do good. on the one hand it blinds his mother, on the other it is used to cure blindness ("i can see!" shouts a young girl on whose eyes this light is projected). when rukh/karloff is himself poisoned by the uncanny power of this light, we see him actually emitting a ghostly glow on his hands and face like a badly developed negative, drawing attention to the fact that the man we are watching is a projection, an entity viewed on film (only visible, as in a movie theater, when the lights are out). there is a wonderful passage near the beginning where karloff/rukh explains his research as being informed by the fact that everything that happens is captured in light which rolls through space for millions of years, as the light from andromeda was emitted from that galaxy at a time when the earth was still molten rock. there are passages in the film when this new science is juxtaposed to older cultural vehicles: that of the writer, in the persona of beulah bondi/arabella stevens; and religion, emblemized in the sculptural figures on the local cathedral karloff blasts with his projector/ray gun. one has to wonder here if this film was meant to glance at what was going on in germany at the time, and particularly at riefenstall's use of film the year before to promote a regime that certainly would go on to do a lot of harm:triumph of the will. happily in the end, mother (violet kemble cooper) intervenes, reminding janos rukh of the first rule of science. if only more movies made you want to stand up in the theater and shout: "i can see!"
fear of a black hat is a hilarious spoof of hip-hop culture. it is just as funny as this is spinal tap, if not funnier. the actors are incredible and the documentary style is superb. mark christopher lawrence is a tremendous talent that should be starring in a lot more films. this film is a true cult classic!
adorable! i saw domestic import in philly in october with my kids. we all liked it so much that we saw it a second time with my parents. i haven't heard them laugh like that in years! it was the first time that i can remember seeing a movie that my parents and my kids could enjoy. it's really cute and we can't wait for it to come out on dvd. they need to make more movies like domestic import. it is refreshing to go to a movie that three different generations can enjoy (and not be embarrassed). i have not seen a movie this cute since my big fat greek wedding. i loved mindy sterling as the mother. she was also in austin powers. howard hesseman is in this too and he is hilarious. i remember him from wkrp.
- after their sons are sentenced to life in prison, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shirley winters) begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy. the pair decides to move to california to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life. they start a dance school that is soon very successful. one of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom adelle quickly falls in love. in the meantime, helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio. it's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder. - i can't help but compare what's the matter with helen? to whoever slew auntie roo?, also starring shelly winters. where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of auntie roo's madness, there's nothing holding helen back in this movie. it may take a good deal of the movie's running time, but once she snaps, helen is one bad mad mutha. you don't want to mess with her. winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance. i'm not going to spoil the movie, but the things helen is capable of are totally over-the-top. - as good as winters is, reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer. i got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award. this ain't citizen kane! quit acting so serious. hey, debbie, don't you realize that you're main purpose is to be a victim of winters' insanity. - i just love these former-female-stars-in-the-twilight-of-their-career horror movies. what's the matter with helen? is as fun as any.
walter matthau and george burns just work so well together. the acidity of willy with the perplexed amnesic al is a mixture made in heaven. the scene when they meet again in willy's flat is a gem and the final scene rounds up the film to perfection. walter matthau gives a superb performance as the irascible semi-retired comedian as only he can, the intonation in the voice and the exaggerated dramatics coupled with his general misunderstanding of what is going on form a great characterization. george burns timing is legendary and nowhere was it better than in this film, his calm aplomb with desert dry replies are memorable. watch for the scene near the end when al and his daughter ask something of the spanish caretaker, and al's reaction - priceless.
i drove from sacramento to san francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really glad i did. as a big movie fan and a life-long northern californian, i was surprised how many oscar-winning films have been made in the bay area. as a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the bay area as opposed to going to la, george lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision really resonated with me. hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in sf, so can other artists. would recommend this film
this is a haunting, powerful italian adaptation of james m. cain's novel the postman always rings twice directed by the great luchino visconti. what is so interesting about the film is that in every way it transcends it's source material to become something bolder and more original (interestingly camus also credits cain's novel as the key inspiration for his landmark novel the stranger). the film has a greater power and intensity than the novel because visconti is able to create the filmic equivalent of cain's narrative structure but offer a more complex exploration of gender. cain's very american novel is also uncritically fascinated with the construction of whiteness (the lead character cora is obsessively afraid she will be identified as a mexican and embarrassed that she married a greek immigrant), which is not relevant to the italian rural context that visconti is working in. this allows the class antagonisms to take center stage and dance among the embers of the passionate, doomed love affair of the two main characters. this film is a complex, suspenseful, rewarding experience.
i thought this was a quiet good movie. it was fun to watch it. what i liked best where the 'outtakes' at the end of the movie. they were great.
spoiler for anyone who is lucky enough to ever see this film (so not really spoiler after all). saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it. it's all set in a small town in the west or what is left of that town. it more resembles a ghost town with few inhabitants. among them a couple, where the wife is especially wicked. she lets her man die in the end of the film and leaves the town but has to cross the desert. we never know what happens to her next but just before she left her dying man shoots after her and deliberately does not hit her and instead the water supply. she is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty. mark damon kills a couple of bad guys in a funny manor - but that's another story, which i don't remember too good. the remaining impression of the film was that it was one of the first times i saw a really wicked woman on film, who pretends to be anything but wicked - can't be compared with the witch in 'snowwhite', who, in comparison is easy to find out. very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing.
this is one a most famous movies of the french sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring gerard depardieu and patrick dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. it is also one of the many dark psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as "serie noire", "buffet froid", "beau pere", all realized by blier. however, i would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on the movie: the translated title in english is very far from the french version. it is true that both protagonists are "going places", but the title in french could be literally translated by "the waltz dancers", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles...
is this your typical women in chains navy transport love story? maybe, hell, you know how the formula works by now, pretty woman is introduced in to a picture, someone has to fall in love with her. i think this film does follow some typical story lines, but that doesn't say anything about the content. there are great scenes with crispen glover, dennis hopper, and gary busey, although short. some things didn't make sense, such as the need to get in to random fights, but it is entertaining to watch, the fights were actually well done. this is definitely a comedy foremost, but it does have a lot of good feel to it. the humor is well balanced, you won't hurt your stomach on this, but you will keep a smile. there is a little bit of steamy action, so not one for the kids.
hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film. the plot of the film, involving two boxers fighting over a girl, is straight-forward drama without much to recommend it. hitchcock's talent, though, is found in his stunning use of images. nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols. especially memorable is the jewelry that one boxer gives the girl just before she marries the other boxer. he slides it up her arm in a clearly sexual way and with one simple movement hitch has shown us all we need to know. the boxing scenes are handled well with some interesting point-of-view shots that again prove how far ahead of his time hitchcock was. the film also gives insight into his later treatment of women. the object of the boxers' desires is driven by money and lust, not reason or love. the only other women in the film are either beautiful party girls who make open offers of sex or old crones who help to destroy happy relationships. all in all, the ring is a must for anyone interested in hitchcock's early work and his development as a visual storyteller.
in ten words or less to describe this film, barbara stanwyck is too appealing and it is great! the film is wonderful, except for the perhaps tacked-on ending, but i love happy endings anyway. barbara stanwyck, however, as the platinum-blonde gold-digger is amazing. she knows what she wants and goes after it! this film is sexy and excellent!
michael is king. this film contains some of the best stuff mike has ever done. smooth criminal is pure genius. the cameos are wonderful, but as always, the main event is mj himself. he is the best, hands down.
a sentimental story with a sentimental sound track. it's about a little girl ( with a voice impediment ) who treasures her green parrot paulie. the parrot thinks and talks like a human being and gives help and advice to his constant companion. the parrot is definitely the star of the film. at times mischievous and at times in fits of depression the bird captures the mood in a most remarkable and expressive way. the synchronised voice too is very well done and within a minute or two you can actually believe that this intelligent little bird exists. early in the film her father gives the bird to a pawnbroker and the subsequent scenes tell the story of paulie's constant struggle over many years to be re-united with his mistress. one of the many memorable scenes is when he falls into bad company and is encouraged to spy on people using the automatic teller machines. paulie it seems has a phenomenal memory. the ending is predictable, but who would want it otherwise. children will love this film and anybody who keeps a bird as a pet will delight in paulie's antics.
director/star clint eastwood's "sudden impact" is an intriguing addition to the "dirty harry" series - a combination of crude film-making and genius. it's mediocre and silly in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with compelling, gripping pacing. there are numerous echoes of the first film here - the shoot 'em up "make my day" scene recalls the "do you feel lucky" one, one of the villains is as viscerally repugnant as the first film's scorpio, an actor who played a minor baddie in the first one returns here as harry's partner - just to name a few. harry callahan is still at odds with the higher-ups in the department, still mean, still tough, but now he's older and wearier. his constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law versus a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, the two things not always being compatible. this "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. the first film posed a simple question, "what about the victim's rights?" - (do they outweigh those of the criminal? vice versa? depends?). that film's answer was controversial, prompting a sequel (the highly enjoyable "magnum force") which set out to draw the line between harry's brand of justice and pure, heartless vigilantism. dirty harry, like many of clint's other roles, is the personification of vengeance, the protector of the the defenseless. this movie however brings it back to the victim, in this case jennifer (portrayed by sondra locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now-incapacitated sister by ruthlessly hunting down and ritualistically executing the men (and one woman) who committed the crime. without going into a play-by-play of the whole movie, i will say this - i mentioned earlier that "sudden impact" echoes the first film - it actually also sprinkles in little references and in-jokes from the whole series (the confusion concerning the captain's last name is an example - an intentional prank, i believe). the relationship between callahan and jennifer is neat - has our rogue cop hero found a soul-mate in this lady vigilante? and is she a vigilante or a victim justifiably standing up for her and her sister's tarnished rights? the exchange between these two at the very end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series, one which i personally (as a fan) found quite moving. that last scene alone makes sudden impact the legitimate climax to the "dirty harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict posed in the first film. (not to knock "the dead pool" - that excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted suspenseful yet comic thriller featuring harry callahan, rather than a character-defining film like this one). this movie did well in the theaters - audiences in the reagan era found harry and his ilk quite appealing, and the president himself frequently quoted "go ahead, make my day."
this film is stunningly beautiful. goldsworthy's art really benefits with the medium of film because you can see the art at its most beautiful, moving and changing and blossoming. i strongly recommend this movie to everyone. i can think of nothing else to say about it. it's just the kind of movie you have to see, because it's so visually compelling and left me very refreshed when i left the theatre.
an absolutely brilliant show. the second season began where the first ended, with much mystery. suspense in most, if not all episodes and mystery everywhere. one that made me think and think again. it's truly amazing how the writer can come out with all the connections and link all the characters together and combine all these elements to make the lives of the characters in the show so meaningful. never fail to excites and i am looking forward to the new season. hopefully more secrets will be reveal and at the same time, more mystery to be solved. good selection of cast too for this show, fit the characters perfectly. really can't wait to finally discover the secret. hopefully all the hype won't spoil the ending.
the house that dripped blood is the third in a series of seven amicus horror anthologies. if the monster club is included as part of the series, this would make eight movies. although, that movie is very different from the others. i look upon the amicus anthologies with great memories as i used to love them when i was in my teens. my feelings for them today are just as strong. i spent many years trying to track down this movie. the synopses of the stories was so appealing that i went as far as paying a substantial amount for it when i eventually found a copy. as great as though the movie is, i did feel a sense of disappointment when i finally saw it. it wasn't quite as good as i was led to believe. whilst better than its two predecessors, it's nowhere near as good as its four successors as i shall demonstrate. the linking story sees john bennett as a police inspector tracking down a missing person who lives in a mysterious old house. his journey begins at the local police station where he learns the stories of previous occupants. the linking story later sees him visiting the estate agent who sold the house. whilst this linking story seems enticing on paper, it is flat and lifeless in practice and easily the weakest of any amicus anthology. i couldn't help but get the feeling that john bennett is a poor man's version of donald pleasance or ian hendry. i would much rather have seen one of the two aforementioned actors in his role. we could have even had both here - one as the police inspector and another as the estate agent. they could, and i believe would, have brought this weak element of the movie to life much better. the movie contains four stories, each of which focuses on an inhabitant of the house. the first story sees denholm elliott as a writer of crime stories. he is absorbed into an exciting story about a strangler, even going as far as drawing a sketch to aid his writing. soon after, he begins seeing visions of his own creation. some excellent direction by peter duffell, particularly with the choice of camera angles helps to detract from the restrained script. elliott's performance is superb as the tormented writer and he also helps to elevate the story. the story ends with a semi-twist but i couldn't help get the sense of a script which didn't allow it to live up to its potential. the second story sees peter cushing move into the house. he is a lonely man who is still pining for a beautiful young woman who once jilted him and who he keeps a picture of. cushing's performance really brings this emotionally-moving story to life. he is helped by the director who chooses to include continual focus on cushing's loneliness. this is taken further with a great hallucination scene that helps us to see inside cushing's mind. anyway, cushing sees a figure at a nearby wax museum that looks just like his girl. naturally his obsession grows but this seemingly romantic story has a disturbing twist at the end. joss ackland plays cushing's rival but his performance is massively overshadowed by the late great peter cushing. the third story and easily the best sees christopher lee - my favourite horror actor of all time - move into the house with his daughter. mr. lee gives one his perfect ice cold performances here. he shows no love or attention for his daughter at all. he even brings in a school governess to educate her. the governess, played by nyree dawn porter in another of her superb performances, tries to find out what is wrong. without giving too much away, i can reveal that witchcraft plays a role. christopher lee's presence is truly electrifying in every scene he's in. chloe franks deserves special recognition for her massively underrated performance as the little girl who is easily the creepiest character in the whole movie. the movie is worth seeing even for the sake of seeing just this one story. the final story is played almost entirely for laughs but it certainly does entertain and that's what matters. jon pertwee plays a horror movie actor who moves into the house. he is very dissatisfied at the approach his producers take to movies, seeing everything as cheap and fake, particularly the costumes. so he decides to buy an authentic cloak for his latest vampire role. geoffrey bayldon has an excellent cameo as a dealer who sells pertwee an ancient cloak. when pertwee puts the cloak on, he starts developing fangs and basically transforming into a vampire. pertwee's performance has to be seen to be believed. it truly is hilarious. ingrid pitt is also in this story but her talent is wasted in a role that should have been much larger. the linking story finishes with a loose connection to the final story. this is particularly fitting since the inspector was looking for pertwee and naturally decides to visit the house. the rest you'll be able to work out for yourself. as weak as the linking story is, it does have a decent if somewhat unintentionally comical ending. i'm convinced that the blame for the shortcomings in what should have been a truly magnificent movie doesn't lie with peter duffell, the director, who really does his best with what he's got. i think the script was just too restrained and lacking the ambition that can be found in the four later movies. overall, the house that dripped blood, despite its flaws is a must-see for fans of the amicus anthologies, fans of other amicus movies or fans of portmanteau horror movies. if my summary provides the movie with enough appeal in your eyes, check it out. you'll enjoy it!
who would've imagined -- hal hartley creates a filmic corollary to syriana while retaining his signature idiosyncratic style. the fusion is highly entertaining. having not seen a hal hartley film for about a decade, i approached this one with some caution. his brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. the director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of long island, new york or in new york city itself -- that were offbeat and insightful. my initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a "spy thriller". to my pleasant surprise, hartley manages to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly original drama of international intrigue. it works in more ways than one might imagine. hartley's film retains the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style. moreover it is highly appropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. hartley has brought all his skills to something new -- a political film worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as syriana. truly he is coming into his own. the cast does a fine job of interpreting hartley's vision and style. fans of parker posey will see her in full bloom here, still with us and more ripe and gorgeous than before.
faith and mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly ashkenazi jewish-american gentleman and a younger, african-american jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years.. mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd purgatory-- he must convince mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but belafonte's levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind.. belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending.. this is not a 'typical' hollywood movie on ethnic relations or about a person's crisis of faith.. it is worth watching more than once and appreciating the excellent performances of the principal actors..
this movie grabbed me with the incredible opening sequence which tricked me into a complete reversal of perspective, so i was hooked by the time the title came on. the theme of this movie is that everyone is acting, trying to re-invent themselves, but not in a tricky way like identity or the usual suspects, but in the way we all try to make whatever banal life we find ourselves in a little more interesting. the scenes in the chicken warehouses are spectacular. at one point jorgen (who owns the chicken farm) attends a seminar in laughing, where he's the worst student. his discomfort at this lets you see the depth of his yearning to change himself. the movie made me wonder about the hidden mysteries that lie behind the surface of the most commonplace people i see every day. there's not a lot of plot here. guessing the old man's secret is pretty easy, but the fascination lies in trying to guess what all the other characters will do when they figure it out. this movie appealed to me in the same way that sideways did, although the characters couldn't be more dissimilar.
there is so much of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with praise. let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by reese witherspoon. that her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed. robert mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us who have admired his work. every frame of the man in the moon is evidence of film making at its best.
wow! what - a - movie !!!!!!!!!!! i'm not at all a fan of contemporary italian directors. usually i don't like dramas. i am not a will smith super fan even thinking that he is a very good actor......but this movie ! it is such a great movie with a such original script and so good direction and so well acting...wow...it is stunning. this movie captured my attention minute by minute and i even did not like "the pursuit of happiness" (maybe also because i did not like the acting of will's son who is a very bad actor while children usually seems all natural born actors, i saw him also last night in "the day the earth stood still" and i confirmed my sensation that jaden can't act). i don't want to write spoilers and so i don't talk about the story but what i can say is that this movie talks about love, death and other feelings which i don't like to watch in movies....but this movie is such a super great movie. if you have a minimum of heart you'll don't regret watching it
so your bairns are away on a sleep-over ? the wife is visiting the mother in law? you though are at home. it's a dark and stormy night and there is no football on the telly and the dishwasher needs stacking? so now what are you going to do? i will tell you! go make an old fashioned cocoa (frys is best!)get hold of some ginger nuts and sit down in front of the dvd. now go select and play arthur askeys world war two thriller/horror the ghost train, return to that comfortable settee and enjoy the night in! the ghost train is a genuine british war time classic! arthur askey with his side kick,stinker murdoch, entertain you and i suspect the cast, to a high octane, thrills and spills, espionage thriller.it's set in old rural england during the second world war. it centres around a motley group of people that need to stay overnight, through circumstances outside any ones' control, in an old railway waiting room that they discover is haunted by an old train. the plot unfolds neatly and precisely and is a credit to the entire cast it is humorous in parts and at times genuinely scary! (the tale was written by that old boy godfrey of dads army fame and it is clever ) arthur askey is entertaining and is very at home preforming his routines to you and the cast, he also shows he can act a bit! the cast are never out staged though, even the railway porter and the parrot help give the film the necessary gravitas. oh and when it ends please remember to stack the dish washer!
ok, i overrated it just a bit to offset at least one of those grumpy reviews. but i did enjoy it. i didn't laugh out loud, but it held my interest and pulled me along without dropping me at any point. the story built. yeah, you knew it would have an happy ending--this genre always does. meantime, it was quirky with sight gags you could miss, so pay attention when you watch. stiller and black delivered expertly yet again. good team. they should work together more. don't know that it will be a cult classic, but it was certainly a fun ride. not as good as what about bob, or dirty rotten scoundrels but what is? it is still worth going out of your way a little to get and watch this movie.
without being one of my favorites, this is good for being a change of pace... even if only for a few minutes. it all starts with a big fight between tom, jerry and spike (who is renamed "butch" here). they're all beating each other, but suddenly spike makes a heroic and admirable decision: he stops the fight and suggests that they all should be friends. so, all of them sign a peace treaty and become friends... which isn't going to last for long. meanwhile, the three become affectionate, patient and kind to each other. they even save each other when one of them is in danger of life. the relationship goes nothing but excellent, until a very big steak appears and they all become greedy. the three are guilty to return to their usual fights and rivalries. but still... to see tom, jerry and spike as friends is truly a delightful and grateful experience, even if only for a while. oh, by the way, as a curious fact, two songs from "the wizard of oz" are played here in instrumental versions: "we're off to see the wizard" and "somewhere over the rainbow".
why a good actress like elizabeth berkley stars in this commonplace movie???!!! the cast gives some good performance (elizabeth berkley as a barbie girl, ele keats as a girl without mother and justin whalin, a guy eternally lessened by his bother), but the direction is extremely boring and the story is not so interesting and original. i can not believe that a movie like this was produced for the big screen! julie corman (the producer): are you crazy???!!!
make no mistake, maureen o'sullivan is easily the most gorgeous jane ever, and there will never be one more gorgeous. she is visually stunning. that aside, it takes more than a beautiful woman to make a good film. this is a great film. it not only has the classic tarzan aura, but also the feel of the continuing saga. we become involved with the two white hunters who search for ivory, one of them in love with jane, the other, a roguish catalyst whose character may be one of the best defined and best examined in movie history.and these characterizations are what make this great action flick stand out as a classic. there is the uncomfortable racism which is depicted. however, the africans are depicted as individuals, and at the end, two even become more heroic than the white hunters, and stand out as such. in fact, the one not named evokes probably more sympathy from the audience than any other characters. the finale, also, is one of the reasons to enjoy this movie. the great lion attack has never been duplicated, and the horror is well implied with character reactions more so than a modern gore movie would do with graphic depiction. if i left anything out, it is because i do not want to soil the picture for those who haven't seen it. but it is everything you could want in a movie.
the john van druten broadway hit is brought to the screen with a maximum of star power in this romantic fantasy about a modern-day witch who beguiles a successful manhattan publisher. james stewart may get top billing, but it is kim novak who steals the show as one of the most alluring witches ever to cast a spell on the movie screen. the lead pairing is, in fact, one of the movie's few weaknesses: the gray-haired stewart seems a bit old for the role, and while it is easy to see why he falls hard for novak, it's a little harder to understand what she finds attractive about him, as they seem mismatched in temperment and outlook. (it is one of the story's amusing conceits that witches and warlocks are portrayed as greenwich village beatniks and bohemians.) curiously, the stewart-novak pairing would generate a lot more heat in "vertigo", released the same year as this film, but then "vertigo" had a compelling suspense story, and the benefit of alfred hitchcock's direction. the film's comic moments are mostly provided by the stellar supporting cast, including a young jack lemmon (as kim's warlock brother), elsa lanchester (their ditzy aunt), and ernie kovacs (!) as a befuddled writer. hermione gingold even shows up in a hilarious cameo as a sort of grand witch. there's lots to like in this movie--wit, romance, and a great cast--that is, if you can possibly take your eyes off the enchanting miss novak. i have seen the movie a half a dozen times, and i never can.
one of those beautifully intense movies that draws us so intimately far in, it ends much to soon! than were left looking at the screen like, "no they didn't!", lol. good performances all around! the acting is marvelous with emily blunt simply outstanding! i knew she would give a solid, convincing performance catching young victoria's regality, temper, and vulnerability through out the entire movie. also, the production is outstanding in every way: style, substance and sensitivity. a remarkable glimpse at a remarkable time in britian's history told via a very personal and touching biography of the school age princess until her reign as queen, later marrying prince albert, than ending with the birth of their first of nine children. it had a well written screenplay and flawless editing. rupert friend as the ever so patient and compassionate young prince albert vying to win the young queen's attention, than securing her love, before lord melbourne(paul bettany), was engrossing to watch. just as engrossing was the relationship between the teenage victoria and her mother, which was fury at times, as with her mother and king william (whom also disliked her mother). the acting and scenes were captivating, highly emotional. i would recommend this to anyone interested in the historical and political situation existing in that era, and indeed, anyone who loves a compelling true romance story
magicians is a wonderful ride from start to finish, thanks in large part to the magic that is generated by the stars. alan arkin is fantastic in one of his best roles in decades. like any really fine film, it's a journey in which the theme is redemption and the results of dreaming. i can't believe this film is so difficult to find -- i'd buy it on dvd in a heartbeat but have yet to find an outlet.
this movie has the most beautiful opening sequence ever made. i've seen this movie for the first time a week ago, since then every day i see the opening and every time i feel as thrilled as i felt the first time i heard david niven uttering the immortal words from sir walter raleigh's the pilgrimage: give me my scallop-shell of quiet, my staff of faith to walk upon, my scrip of joy, immortal diet, my bottle of salvation, my gown of glory, hope's true gage; and thus i'll take my pilgrimage ( ) do you know why it would be a truism to say michael powell's and emeric pressuburger's lives are thoroughly justified for having crafted such a wonderful opening? because they had been already admitted in the paradise of poets long before they made this movie. i imagine both of them facing trial during doomsday and saying nonchalantly to an irate god: i beg your pardon, sir. so, do you want to know what have we done during our lifetime? well, well you'll see: we've written directed and produced: i know where i'm going, colonel blimp, red shoes do you think that enough sir? it is rather obvious that these two great artists had already fulfilled their duty with god, nature the muse or whatever you may call it when they shot a matter of life and death. the fact that other people's lives would be justified for their deeds could be not apparent to everybody, notwithstanding i feel my life would have a meaning had i never done anything else that to see this movie. of course old-timers will be tempted to say: they don't do movies like this one any more. they'll be partially mistaken; they didn't make movies like this in the past times either. i've have already quoted keats here, but i'll repeat his words: a thing of beauty is a joy forever.
the dentist was made on the time when almost every profession had it's psycho. we had mad police officers, ambulance men, secretery's and that was just for starters. the dentist came suprisingly late because going to dentist is usually everyman's nightmare. the plot is twisted. super clean dentist doctor feinstone lives perfect life in his great "white house", he has beautiful blond wife and great place to work as a dentist. dark clouds are coming to his horizon in the form of nasty irs guy (terminator's earl boen), dirty pool cleaner "cleaning" his wife and suddenly everyone's teeth seems to have gone through dark filter. he goes nutso and starts to take care of people teeth in the nasty way. and you don't want to come to his path. crew were professional. producer/director brian yuzna had produced stylish horror movies like re-animator and from beyond. he directed the sequel to re-animator and his first movie society was nice spinoff from john carpenter's they live. film's producer pierre david is known from movies like scanners. cast was great. corbin bernsen really suprised me. i knew him from la law and major league, but i could newer dream him as a psycho dentist. he was actually great in his role and he was kind of sad person. linda hoffman was beutiful and dumb as feinstones wife. micahel stadvec did not have much line's, but after i saw him with ladies of the neighbourhood i knew my future profession. ken foree (dawn of the dead, from beyond) was nice sight as cop on the case. virginya keehne was the innocent teen who is about to be next client to feinstone. final warning: if you're like me and have problem with dentist's then maybe you should skip this one. but if you want to try than you should prepare yourself with dark humor and lots nasty drillings.
if you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. christopher walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. his trademark style of acting works well for the sly puss in boots. the other actors are well for their parts. i did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. the king in particular appears a real dunce though, and i wonder if he is supposed to be. i can not remember the original tale. the special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. overall, i recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.
i just watched holly along with another movie about trafficking and child sexual exploitation called trade at film by the sea international film festival. i have to say that holly blew trade out of the water. holly is a powerful and amazing film on many different levels. from purely an artistic and cinematic perspective, it is amazing. the sound-mixing, camera angles, directing and acting are all spot on. additionally, the way it handles the subject matter is tasteful and non-exploitative. it presents the issue of child sexual exploitation in a way that is both educational and accurate. the filmmakers paid an exquisite amount of attention to detail, truly capturing the nuances of the epidemic of child sexual exploitation and trafficking. too often when dealing with a subject matter of this kind, it is tempting to shock the audience with graphic scenes of rape, and violence. holly is able to achieve all of this without falling into that typical hollywood trend. i've had the pleasure of seeing holly at two separate film festivals, once in the us and once in netherlands. i can honestly say that i have never seen audiences more moved. just listening to conversations after the screening, people are asking what they personally can do to fight child sexual exploitation. i highly recommend it to everyone, both for its cinematic value and its subject matter.
an excellent and accurate film... mcgovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off. he is not afraid to tell the truth, even though it might draw unfavourable reviews and comments from some who like stories to be clean and sweet and glossy. once again, mcgovern brings in christopher eccleston, though not in as high a profile a role as he played in hillsborough. i found this movie as accurate, well acted and well presented as hillsborough and i applaud mcgovern for his poignant unapologetic writing. well done and my hat is off to the writer, the actors, the production crew. a great film!
i don't know what the previous reviewer was watching but i guess that's what reviews are, personal taste. missed in this movie was the depth, a very deep film, many layers of emotion, affecting. undercurrents of withheld love because of submission to societal beliefs, taboos of the times and classes, race relations not being in a very good state of equality, guilt, yearning, hate, confusion, very dark emotionally i thought, under the skin, you have to submit to the aire of it, a flowing movie, not slow as stated before, release yourself to the flow of the film, the emotions will show themselves, characters reveal their flaws, their nasty insides, excellent and actually very cruel!
"bend it like beckham" is a film that got very little exposure here in the united states. it was probably due to the fact that the movie was strongly british in dialogue and terminology and dealt a lot with football, (soccer here), which some may have trouble relating too in the u.s. it's unfortunate because this movie is absolutely fantastic and deserved much more coverage over here. i think the basis of the storyline, (following a dream), is something many people can relate to and in the end, "bend it like beckham" proves to be a good-feeling film with a source of inspiration and really good acting. i was not overly excited about seeing this film initially but now i regret not seeing it sooner. i highly recommend this movie!
yes, shakespeare would indeed have been proud. laurence fishburne was not at his best but certainly not bad. kenneth brannagh on the other hand was brilliant. his scheming was wonderful as was his toying with the audience. very nice work. there were at times too little drama where more would have been expected. cassio's slaying, for instance, was a bit clouded by too much happening to far apart, causing the spectator to twist his head to grasp it all. did i mention michael maloney? his madness striken roderigo was unusual; annoying even. if you haven't seen othello before, see this. if you haven't read othello, see this. if you haven't heard othello, see this. you do, on the other hand, do yourself a favour by reading it, seeing it acted onstage and hearing it sung too.
sarah silverman is a dangerous bitch! she's beautiful, sexy, funny and talent, dark and demonic. i read the other 'comment' on this show as well as the message board stuff and people just don't get it. nothing that appears on t.v. is an accident. too much money, time and work is put into the production of a t.v. show for there to be mistakes. this show is stupid because sarah wanted it to be stupid. this show is juvenile because sarah wanted it to be juvenile. i thought the jokes were great and the theme show as well as the other musical numbers are wonderfully bizarre. it's a lot like pee-wee's playhouse for maladjusted, slacker twenty-something glue sniffing, future pornstars of america from the valley. the cast is awesome. the scenarios and action is well-paced. i hope this show succeeds since comedy central didn't let david spade keep his show. who plays sarah's sister? she not in the cast listing on the show's home page. i would love to see her stand-up. does anyone know about her up-coming show dates or dvds that may be floating around out there?
loopy, but shrewd and formidable mob boss vic (an excellent performance by richard dreyfuss) gets released from a mental hospital. several of vic's fellow criminal cohorts who include volatile henchman "brass balls" ben london (a gloriously manic and over-the-top hammy portrayal by gabriel byrne), the smarmy jake parker (a perfectly smug kyle maclachlan), and vicious rival "wacky" jacky jackson (a neat turn by burt reynolds) all try to bump vic off. meanwhile, laid-back and self-assured hit-man mickey holliday (nicely played with low-key confidence by jeff goldblum) finds himself caught in the middle of all this deadly lunacy. writer/director larry bishop brings a supremely hip, quirky, and original idiosyncratic sensibility to this deliciously dark and deadpan pitch-black comedy about betrayal, loyalty, and ruthless ambition run dangerously amok. the bang-up cast have a field day with the colorfully grotesque rogues' gallery of blithely amoral and treacherous hoodlums: ellen barkin as tough, sultry moll rita everly, henry silva as vic's reliable right-hand man sleepy joe carisle, gregory hines as philosophical smoothie jules flamingo, diane lane as vic's sweet, perky mistress grace, billy drago as the slimy wells, and christopher jones as brutish rub-out artist nicholas falco. bishop makes the most of his juicy secondary role as lethal and laconic ace assassin nick. popping up in nifty bits are billy idol as a blustery thug, michael j. pollard as the ill-fated red, joey bishop as mortician mr. gottlieb, rob reiner as a jolly chauffeur, and richard pryor as jimmy the gravedigger. byrne's delightfully insane duet with singer paul anka on "my way" rates as a definite sidesplitting highlight. a tense and amusing climactic mexican stand-off likewise tickles the funny bone something hysterical. frank byers' slick cinematography, the outrageously nutty dialogue, earl rose's jazzy cocktail lounge score, and a choice soundtrack of vintage swinging golden oldies all further enhance the engagingly peculiar charm of this immensely entertaining one-of-a-kind curio.
john water's ("pink flamingos"...) "pecker" is the best movie i've seen in a while. it gives the viewer a surreal image of life in baltimore (i live in nearby washington, dc), with a warhol-like use of color, exaggerated motions and emotions. pecker becomes larger than his town can handle, and he is separated from his loved-ones (including a sexy ricci) by his man-loving art manager. the picture left a refreshing taste in my mouth--kind of like a fresh strawberry ice cream on a hot summer day--and though this taste was rather flat and simplistic, it only made the whole thing more profound and critical. it is a celebration of life, liberty, and the right to bear arms...and everything else this country stands for. -juan pieczanski (jpieczanski@sidwell.edu)
i liked this film very much. the story jumps back and forth quite a bit and is not easy to follow. there is no resolution to the story whatsoever, and you are left to wonder what really happened. since i like that sort of film i enjoyed this. i especially like the "dating" scenes between the boys and i was drawn into their lives. and of course any film with a naked staphane rideau will get a couple of extra points. ;-)
i saw this film at the toronto film festival, where it received a standing ovation! this film tells a story that to my knowledge has never been told before--namely about the rosenstrasse (a street in berlin)uprising of german gentile women who were married to jews at the end of the second world war. as such, it is a unique story, and what's more, is the only film about the holocaust that i have ever seen that shows that there were good germans (the helping family in "anne frank" for instance was dutch) who did not support the nazis, and, in fact, had the fortitude to stand up against their own country's immorality and brutality during the nazi regime, at the risk of their very lives. the acting is great across the board, the framing story in new york interesting and intricate, the direction from von trotta masterful in every scene, and the production values, including the gorgeous cinematography, outstanding. of course the family in new york could be speaking german. many immigrants in this country choose to speak in their native tongue with their family--a common occurrence. so that criticism is unwarranted. to say more would spoil the experience. the film is long, but i did not look at my watch once. i am hoping this film gets some distribution is north america, for not only is this film a masterpiece, but it can actually help heal any animosity people have towards the germans because of their support of hitler. if this film is playing in your area, i urge you to see it! you will be glad you did!
this show has a great storyline! it's very believable! a mans wife dies and he cant take care of his children alone so he calls on his brother in law his best friend and many others come later on in the show. such as rebeecca donaldson, ,the lovable yet strong dog comet , nikki and alex who you can find out for yourself (i don't want to spoil it for you) and of coerce kimmy gibler! (the sidekick of dj) but the kids are wonderful too. this is mary kate and ashley first took off! and also you may know candace cameron bure from shows like st.elsewere punky brewster and that's so raven! jodie sweetin plays steph the love able middle child who feels left out. really this is a very good show!
not knowing what this film was about, i checked it out at the video store and after seeing it, i enjoyed it. little seen multi-genre flick from director bernard rose (candyman, immortal beloved). great story and characters. as a fan of glenne healdy's, i was surprised of her british accent. the only exception for this film was the ending. however, it is worth the rent.
without "mental anachronism", this film which i would like to find in dvd offer an extraordinary diving in the vital and mental context of thought of the people before the "disenchantment of the world". that, there is thirty years, a director and a scenario writer could test one such empathy and such a romantic truth to do it of them masterpiece leaves me astounding. it would be necessary to be able to see and re-examine it film for better seizing than the temporal and cultural distance us to make lose of capacity to be included/understood, analyze and finally to accept of such or such example of "primitive thought". because this thought maintaining almost impossible to feel in the secularized world however contain certain keys of our behavior, that only them future generations will be able to analyze with sufficient relevance. if somebody knows where i then to get a numerical copy or vhs to me or dvd thank you in advance.
i've seen the original english version on video. disney's choice of voice actors looks very promising. i can't believe i'm saying that. the story is about a young boy who meets a girl with a history that is intertwined with his own. the two are thrown into one of the most fun and intriguing storylines in any animated film. the animation quality is excellent! if you've seen disney's job of kiki's delivery service you can see the quality in their production. it almost redeems them for stealing the story of kimba the white lion. (but not quite!) finally miyazaki's films are being released properly! i can't wait to see an uncut english version of nausicaa!
hello, i was alanrickmaniac. i'm a still crazy-holic. it was just another movie i watched partly on tv. then i had to get the video tape to finally find out how it ends. then i wanted the dvd, because the tape showed first signs of decay after a few weeks. after the dvd i had to lay my hands on the soundtrack. then on several film posters and the film script. right now it has become that worse that i try to push other people into addiction with my website and still crazy parties. how could that happen? what drove me into addiction? ok, it's one of those funny but somehow sad and melancholic intelligent comedies like only the british can produce. alright, the movie is worlds apart from stuff like ''this is spinal tap'', because of the characters, that aren't childish or ultra cool, but real. this is a story about men getting older, too. a story about men getting along with each other. or don't. it contains some of the best actors possible. tim spall. stephen rea. bruce robinson. jimmy nail. and bill nighy. bill nighy who puts on one of the best performances i've ever seen in a film. good, the soundtrack is unbelievable. foreigner's mick jones has written the songs for the imaginary band strange fruit. jimmy nail who plays bass-man les wickes and bill nighy portraying the egocentric but awkward singer ray simms are really singing. we know that about jimmy nail, but if you've only heard bill nighy's singing in "love actually", you have no idea how great and powerful his voice is. well, you'll fever for every scene to come for the x-th time, especially those concert scenes. you'd die to be able to really stand in the dancing crowd when strange fruit is doing "all over the world", singing on the top of your lungs. you long to cry and celebrate with thousands of people the rebirth of the real strange fruit at wisbech's festival stage. it's hard but... i'm addicted to this film. i'm addicted to strange fruit. if there's a world where this band really exists i'd like to move there. got still crazy... anyone?
in some ways, the wrath of kriemhild surpasses siegfried's death, but it also loses some of that film's greatness. the plot of this one is more cohesive than the first, which is quite amazing. the second half of the actual poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to tread through, until, that is, you get to the climactic battle scenes; only the iliad's are better. lang and harbou embellished the huns. the poet-compiler of the nibelungenlied didn't know a hun from his right ball, and as a result they are, more or less, the same as the burgundians in custom. for example, although the poet clearly describes etzel as a heathen (which is kriemhild's main concern as rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she gets to hunland, the first thing she does is go to mass. the huns here are clearly heathens; they're almost like caveman. the depiction of them is hilarious, especially verbal, the jester, who has two marvelous scenes. etzel's character has been given more weight. he is much more formidable. all he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem. lang and harbou are masterful at building suspense, especially at the banquet scene, which is intercut with verbal's second performance to an amazing effect. however, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the film's amazing technical accomplishments are missing in this one, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence where etzel's hall burns down with the nibelungs inside. the one thing i do have to object to is the way harbou changes the ending. spoilers: in the poem, after hildebrand captures hagen and gunther, they are imprisoned. kriemhild visits hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden the horde. he refuses and she herself decapitates her brother. when hagen still refuses, she decapitates him. hildebrand (or possibly dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would presume to murder a great warrior that he, in turn, decapitates her, calling her a "devil woman". etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something silly like: "ah me!" i can understand why they would want to keep a unity of time and place as hildebrand brings them from the castle; to retain the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic. i also understand why they didn't have hildebrand kill kriemhild: his character is much reduced here; his name is only mentioned once. but, to have kriemhild kill herself, adopting brynhild's death from the icelandic sources, is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them. the point of the poem is that kriemhild's wrath goes far beyond it should into the realm of pure evil. here, we simply have her die for her lost love. it's not as interesting.
takashi miike's incursion into kiddie territory won me over almost immediately because he demonstrates nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. this is a fairy tale that dares to be dark. even as a kid, i thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. miike understands that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. the filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. he accentuates the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. i appreciated the fact that miike was more honest than most american filmmakers. he goes for the jugular of the story but he also shows signs of restrain. but a self-possessed miike is still stranger than most filmmakers. i thought it was a great film. highly recommended.
cusack does his best david niven in this one, although i don't know if anyone besides me noticed it. when seen with this in mind, its a deliciously over saturated 'wants to be taken more seriously than austin powers but still be pretty d*mn funny' reworking of an under-appreciated comedy classic. hillary duff does an over sexualized britney spears lap dance version of mata bond. the writers built a little reverse oedipus twist into the plot - interesting choice. i never knew how soothing montel's voice was until this movie... i think he has found a new calling doing nav system voice overs!
alan curtis has a loud, violent sounding argument with his wife, slams out of his apartment, has a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a large hat in a bar (run by andrew tombes, in a nice villainous part for a change), and returns to find his wife dead and the police, led by thomas gomez waiting for him. his attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with that mysterious lady - fall because everyone that he can think of (tombes, elisha cook) claims there was never any such person. he ends up with no alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) ellen raines believes him. convicted after a trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. raines starts going out after the truth, discovering that gomez has some doubts of his own. she also finds an ally in a friend of curtis, franchot tone, who was apparently out of town the night of the crime. will she clear curtis in time? the phantom lady is based on a novel by william irish (the great noir writer cornell woolrich). as movie fans know from other works by woolrich (leopard man, the night has a thousand eyes, rear window, no man of her own) one cannot assume what is true on the surface anywhere. the missing wife of a salesman may not actually be upstate, sending him messages that she arrived, if he still has her jewelry. the mentalist may really be able to predict tragedy - or was he plotting the murder of his old partner, now an oil millionaire? did a leopard kill the young women, or is the wealthy recluse in town actually hiding some guilty knowledge? is the young woman, claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in a train wreck, actually an impostor? here it is raines and gomez (with an assist by tone) trying to prove curtis did see a woman nobody will admit seeing - and if he did see her, why is nobody else able to recall seeing her? the problem with the story really is curtis's personality - he gives in too easily when found guilty of the crime he did not commit. in reality anyone who is innocent would be screaming it to the moment they are executed. however, in defense of curtis's collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: gary cooper, in mr. deeds goes to town, gets so disgusted about the framing he gets as delusional and mad by douglas dumbrille and his minions that he does not defend himself at first, until the people who would depend on his help cry out their fears in the courtroom and reawaken his sense of responsibility. but curtis just seems to give up. in normal circumstances raines, gomez, and everyone else would not care if curtis didn't. but the film survives this weakness. the slow unraveling of lies by witnesses bribed by the real killer allows two set pieces for raines with tombes on a deserted elevated platform and elisha cook at a jazz session. gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain expects in double checking his alibi again. and the villain manages to keep slightly ahead of raines and gomez until the concluding minutes of the film. if it is not as great a film as double indemnity or the postman always rings twice or the maltese falcon, it holds up pretty well until the moment curtis and raines are reunited at the end.
definitely a very good idea,screenplay was just ok.could have been better,the positives are that it doesn't bore you if you're an adventure lover,a new idea about the lost world of atlantis.negatives are that i personally feel that this idea had so much more potential than this.they should've ended up with a better adventure than this.it wasn't bad at all but it would have been much better with some more runtime.enjoyed it a lot though,cant say that it was boring or wasn't good..a good one for the people who like adventure animations like sindbad,like the road to el dorado.this movie is also recommended for people looking for a nice little adventure with a very nice happy ending.
as soon as i knew keira knighteley being in this flick, i said "i have to watch this movie". she's the undisputed main character, domino, a bounty hunter. her "job", as the "no action" scenes would teach us, reflects her rebel, violent attitude to life. i have to admit that it's the very first time that i watch an action movie whose most important scenes are the one in which the guns are far away from characters' hands. so, this stomped me a bit. anyway, for all the john woo's fans, there are helicopters falling down, explosions, gunfire as if it would rain, and a lovely keira that shoots with two machine guns, one per hand. the cast is absolutely brilliant. going beyond keira, which in this movie is a real tomboy, pretty much different from the lovely action figure we're used to see, mickey rourke is back, with his usual slap-throwing face and his potent body. christopher walken makes his job pretty well, as a reality show producer. let's go to the contents: this movie has a journalistic shape. the talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. anyone that watched that load of . . . you-know-what, can tell that this is the air that you breath in those situations. as well as the producer, when domino's mom says that the reality that should show domino's life is "trash; no offense", he answers "i don't take it like an offense". this movie portrays a difficult life. domino, coming from a world that didn't want her, ed (mickey rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", choco (the third guy of the band), which family is (using ed's words), "the correctional institutes he's been", and alf, the driver/bomber coming from afghanistan during the russian occupation. this bunch of people represents in some way the humankind born "without the shirt"; unlucky, violent, and with nothing to lose, excepts their (as they would consider) miserable lives. the intro of the movie says that it is "inspired by true story . . . more or less", so i couldn't possibly tell you how much of this stuff is true. anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see, and be classified as an action movie), the characters' story is too realistic to be "edulcorated". the interaction between the characters is various, well studied, and definitely not boring. what hasn't convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (lucy liu, sober as never in her acting career). it represents only the reason by which domino starts telling her story (and that's a story). probably, the only "con", in a movie with a lot of "pros". all in all: this isn't "swat". the characters are crafted; they have an identity, a shape. they have a name and a surname (not just "gamble" and "street"). it's the case to say, it's the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.
otto preminger's noir classic works almost as a flip-side of laura...while that film was glitzy and features the high fa-luting clifton webb, this film is a whole lot seamier. dana andrews is a less than good cop who accidentally kills a man only to have it potentially pinned on the father of the girl he loves. preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked. andrews is quite fine (a lot less wooden than he's been in the past) and the stunningly beautiful gene tierney is stunningly beautiful! creepy craig stevens plays the unlucky victim. where the sidewalk ends is a must see and a terrific companion-piece to preminger's equally lurid whirlpool (also starring tierney).
another attempt by modern japanese directors to redefine the chambara genre. successful, and not, in varying degrees. buddhist monk has a vision that he is to slay a legendary (and very active) demon at the gojoe bridge in order to attain enlightenment. while not at the forefront, buddhist thought is at the heart of this movie, much like kurosawa's "ran". it probably what made the movie the most interesting to me although it's nowheres near "ran's" league. stylish visual direction and excellent photography keep the movie mostly interesting throughout the two hour and eighteen minute length. the lead actors are uniformly excellent. the music is really good. the two weaknesses are the story and the fight scenes. the movie drags in the middle which could have been fixed by some prudent editing. and the fight scenes are mostly filmed in blurry close-ups. this works for most of the film but the finale feels like a cheat. another recent film like this is tsui hark's "seven swords", great film but the promised fight scenes are disappointing. asano really doesn't move like a sword wielding demon, his acting is great but he would be an extra in a traditional chambara fight scene. good movie, you'll probably find it interesting just don't expect traditional sword fights.
i saw this movie by luck, just because i was going through a phase where i had a new found admiration for bill pullman and wanted to see all of his recent movies and thank god i did! this movie has stuck with me ever since and remain one of my favorites! the story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom. alice and darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. the struggle they go through as they are arrested in thailand and became prisoners is very moving and intense. the acting is amazing, the images extraordinary, the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful. i actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time i watch it. i know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but i swear, this one, you have to see!!! i promise it will stick with you!
i found about the movie "holes" by hearing from people that it wasn't typical disney, that both kids and adults both got into the story. folks, let me tell you i wasn't disappointed. "holes" is based on the novel by louis sachar and follows the adventure of stanley yelnats, a boy who gets sent to a strange juvenile detention camp out in the desert. he befriends a boy nicknamed zero and together they set out on adventure that changes their lives. it was a very interesting, unique, different and funny story. i didn't know quite what to expect when i watched it. it was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle. the boys who played the juvenile delinquents were all very funny and jon voight was just hilarious as mr. sir. now that i've seen the movie, i have to read the book. most recommended!
i think it unfortunate that the leading comments on this movie include the words "clueless and appalling nonsense." i think it is a very funny movie and excellent entertainment. one has to suspend one's disbelief that a homosexual man and a lesbian woman could fall in love, have a child and live together happily ever after. but it is always wonderful to see it played out in a movie and have one's heart warmed. is it so impossible? there are far more implausible events described in other movies. the acting is good, the script is funny. the only negative comment is that the story could well have ended when the family drives away from its initial house instead of extending on to explore whether the man retains any residual homosexuality.
let me say that i love adam sandler, watching reign over me i was paying close attention to his acting when he raises his voice, i cant help but think of happy gilmore yelling at a golf ball, then i snap back as adam sandler sucks me in reign over me is a great film, a film that comes off slow at first with you expecting emotion in every scene don cheadle always does a great job and is no exception here with some truly great lines and is worthy of an oscar in any movie he does adam sandler was amazing in so many ways not only was this his most dramatic/best acted film of his career. but i can recall laughing out loud at many parts of this film the supporting cast was great also with saffron burroughs and jada pinkett smith i would highly recommend this movie its got tremendous acting beautiful shots of nyc great comedy great drama and a new found respect for adam sandler if you ever doubted him or a reassurance at how great don cheadle is
if any style of film could be called my "guilty pleasure", it'd be this generic fantasy type. guilty is the wrong word for it, though, as i'm pretty pleased to be an escapist from time to time. "stardust" is good stock fantasy, the likes of which one should expect from neil gaiman (or gaiman adaptation, as it were). it isn't the visual dream-scape of mirrormask, it isn't the adult pretension of pan's labyrinth, and it isn't the fun-loving classic the princess bride, but it contains just what the fantasy-lover is familiarized enough with to be completely comfortable during the entire viewing. fantasy lovers should rejoice--special effects work has finally become good enough and cheap enough that this stuff is in regular production now. the story of stardust involves a young man named tristan who, in order to gain the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their small town of wall, goes on an adventure to retrieve a fallen star. to make things difficult, however, tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named yvaine, and he's not the only one looking for her... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality the star's heart can give, and a brother's feud over the magic kingdom leads murderous princes in her direction. from there it's all pretty predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some warm-hearted commentary on the nature of love, and the best part, robert deniro as a gay pirate. on that note, deniro's performance is spot-on... it's not the excessive lisp that most actors use to portray gay people, but a surprisingly effective one from someone used to being seen as a rough-and-gruff typecast character (thus the ongoing joke surrounding his character matching deniro's own opening up into alternate forms of acting). deniro hasn't been so unique to his own image since brazil, and that's saying something. stardust is the type of movie, perhaps, that will subsist on children's and fantasy-lover's shelves for a long time. i can't say it offers anything new, but it's not really there to. it's actually those most familiar with it's tropes that will enjoy it the most. --polarisdib
awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate paul verhoeven's (arguable) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. filled with blood and occasional gore, the fourth man is truly neurosis inducing. men will literally leap when renee swings out her scissors......
i saw this movie today and i have to say, it was much much better than i expected it to be about couple of hours before going to see it. personally i had some prejudice due to the language of it, but it did totally change my idea. the movie was in most cases surprisingly good with the great actor and actress performances. it was a story about a boy who had a dream and who did everything to reach it. this really touched me and as a film, which is based on a true story, it convinced me. a new school, psycho headmaster and a young boy who get known with a new teacher, a bit different one than the others and about fighting for the things even if they doesn't seem to work out. it showed how little things can make huge changes in many things, and how difference can sometimes cause difficult situations. also i think the actor selections has succeeded perfectly. it really felt like you had been some person watching the episodes as an outsider when they happened. before i spoil this movie with praises, i have to admit that there were some things and situations that didn't look and feel realistic..like the one where the headmaster of the school beat frits aka. martin in front of the class, at the end of the movie. he really got beaten badly, but the only thing that it caused to him, was some blood coming from the nose when comparing that to the first beating in the beginning, when frits got some stitches..well i guess every movie has it own faults..have to say, that if i someday somewhere find this dvd from the store, it's sure thing, that i take it with me.
when this first came out, my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- it was so different from anything we had seen before. i was looking for a specific movie last night, and i found 'the mind's eye' again. the box is falling apart, and i am surprised that the tape still works! although it is not 'finding nemo' quality graphics, it is still very good. they should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. highly recommended!
well-done ghost story that will give you the creeps and some pretty fair scares along the way. the story unfolds slowly, building atmosphere all the way until you're ready to see the woman in black. you won't forget her once you've seen her. no gore, no knives, no hockey masks--just a well-constructed story that is best viewed at night with the lights out.
b movie? yes. diy? yes. first movie? yes. but aestheically a+. this movie definitely had some bad sound/editing/lighting/acting/etc. etc. problems. however, this movie has many positive things about it. first off, the most annoying character dies first! second, its made to be a parody/funny b rated horror movie. the comments our killer makes to his victims left me and my friends rolling around on the floor laughing. the problem is a lot of people try to take every independent movie and expect it to be a masterpiece. take it for what it is, a bunch of kids right out of high school made their first movie. for what it is, just that, it is really good.
this is a very good movie. do you want to know the real reasons why so many here are knocking this movie? i will tell you. in this movie, you have a black criminal who outwits a white professor. a black cop who tells the white professor he is wrong for defending the black criminal and the black cop turns out to be right, thus. making the white professor look stupid. it always comes down to race. this is an excellent movie. pay no attention to the racist. if you can get over that there are characters who are played by blacks in this movie who outsmart the white characters, then you shouldn't have any problems enjoying this movie. i recommended everyone to go see this movie.
as the story in my family goes, my dad, milton raskin, played the piano for the dorsey band. after sinatra joined the band, my dad practiced with him for hours on end. then, at a point in time, my dad told sinatra that he was actually to good to be tied up with such a small group (band), and that he should venture off on his own. by that time sinatra had enough credits 'under his belt' to do just that! dorsey never forgave my dad, and the rest, as they say, is history. i have some pictures and records to that effect, and so does berkley university in california. i have seen just about every sinatra movie more times than i wish to say, and his movies never get old . . . thank you frank
ok, it was a good american pie. erick stifler goes off to college with his buddy cooze. during their arrival they meet up with eric's cousin dwight. the two pledge to become betas and along the way they get involved with a whole lot of sex, tits, and some hot girls along the way. in a few words there is a lot more sex, nudity and alcohol. it is a good movie for those who want to enjoy an american pie movie, granted it isn't as great as the first three is is a good movie. if you enjoy hot girls with really nice tits, get this movie. if you enjoy seeing a bunch of dudes making assholes of themselves, go to this movie. if you want to see the full thing, get the unrated addition. one last thing this is a better attempt than the last two american pies.
shocking, well-made chiller is an undervalued tale of atrocious murder and evil forces. small town doctor tries to discover who, or what, is committing a series of violent sexual murders. incubus is a tight mystery, with some horrific murder sequences, that builds to an off-beat and eerie climatic twist. the murder scenes are intense and gory, so this isn't a film for the squeamish! the direction of john hough, along with a bizarre music score, combine to create a dark atmosphere of dread that runs through out the film. it also carries a kind of gothic vibe as well. nice filming locations and some stylish camera work also highlight. the cast isn't bad either. the great john cassavetes does a solid performance as the new doctor in town. also good are the performances of kerrie keane as the local reporter, helen hughes as the town historian, and duncan mcintosh as a tormented psychic teen. all around incubus is a forgotten horror film that needs to be re-discovered and re-evaluated. *** out of ****
the movie was totally awesome and cool. the graphics was superb and it was amazing, especially, flik was superb and awesome in the movie and he was funny and he was and sometimes he was intelligent. the circus bugs are colorful and they are superb in the movie. the grasshoppers were also superb and cool in the movie. hopper was a pure and perfect villain. even, dot was cute. when, the bird comes to eat the bugs, that scene was superb and good. even, the last scene was awesome and cool. even, flik's inventions was good. building an artificial bird was a good idea to scare away the grasshoppers. when, the ants are building the artificial bird, that scene was good and nice i should really appreciate the creators of "a bug's life".
there is certainly emotion between the two main characters as they explore their relationship--one based primarily on physical attraction from the beginning. and there is also emotion in the inner-workings of mathieu's family dealing w/ his mother's problems--and how that comes to bear on their relationship. but the problem is it leaves a lot of things unanswered (unless i'm just too dumb to pick up on them). why is mathieu in a mental hospital? what led to the boys' break-up? and the flashing back between present and past is a little hard to follow at first. it seems like the main reason to rent this movie is to enjoy some homoerotic vicarious thrills, or some male nudity. but as a love story or character study it is lacking and unsatisfying.
billy wilder is co-credited for the story, and his unsentimental touch is noticeable in this quite original tale of ghostwriting songwriters who both work for burnt-out music legend oliver courtney. the obvious misunderstandings are gotten out of the way quite quickly, thank heaven, and what remains is a witty and breezy concoction with some fine songs (and some more forgettable ones), crosby at his most charming, a great turn by broadway legend mary martin and basil rathbone and oscar levant providing most of the cynical barbs (levant is in rare form and his quips haven't dated at all). a delightful surprise, and recommended for all fans of the genre.
family is about two families who are after each other's blood. viren sahay (amitabh bachchan) is an underworld don, operates from bangkok. he has a family in india. once by mistake he kills shekhar (akshay kumar). like viren sahay, he also has a family (a brother, wife and parents). aryan (aryaman), shekhar's brother is out to take revenge of his brother's death. he kidnaps viren sahay's family for the same reason. the film has got one turning point (amitabh bachchan). second half of the movie belongs to him completely where instead of his dialogs, expression matters more. akshay's minuscule role has also put him at par with amitabh. i didn't understand what bhumika chawala was doing in this movie. there were a few loose points in the script; like; amitabh has been shown as the most wanted criminal of the city still he walks scot-free in the city. kidnapping of his family is also seemed vague. how can the family of such a big don doesn't have any security cover?
this movie was a really great flick about something that affects us all. i know i've personally run into this many times. thank goodness will smith has jumped onto the societal issue of text messaging while driving. people, don't do it. an hour and forty five minutes is not enough time for this cause. personally, i wanted to throw away my cell phone after the movie. i was glad to see other people in the theater saw the message and dumped their phones with the empty bags of popcorn. i decided to disable all text messaging on my phone and would encourage others to do the same. if you care about your family, make them watch this vital public service announcement on text messaging while driving or they could kill seven people. thanks for showing us the way.
a slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a superbly-crafted one. gwyneth paltrow shines in this early showcase for her british accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. this came out around the time of sense and sensibility, and i'm sure i don't know why that one garnered all the oscar attention. emma is jane austen's most accessible and least stuffy story, told well.
zane and beringer will keep you on the edge of your seats. i don't typically go for military/war movies, but this was worth my time. it was serious, but it was also humorous. beringer's character proved to be heroic and honest. no matter what, you know that he's got your back. zane's character developed throughout the film. he wasn't just a suit, he definitely proved that he could be a hero and handle a gun. the ending through me a little though. it didn't really go with the action throughout the film, but i'm glad that i saw it, nonetheless. it's worth checking out.
this movie is one of my favourites. it is a genre-mixture with ingredients of the action-/horror-/romantic-/comedygenre. some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards. this minor flaw is easily ignored. there is so much to discover in this story. the romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts. the visuals are beautiful too. the action is great which is no surprise, it is originating from honkong, birthplace of the world's best action movies. the humour sometimes seems a little bit silly but in a good way. somehow this movie is being able to balance the different moods and keeps being good. absolutely recommended.
i am right now in front of the tv, watching casomai. it is changing, it id evolving or better...devolving. it begin with a courius wedding of the two protagonists where their love-story is reported. after that everything change, a child was born, and all the rest usually happen in a couple. it is a not a special movie because it talks about a normal couple, and normality is the center of this movie. it doesn't want to show us something particular, there is nothing new, it is just a normal love-story, the story of a couple, and being normal it become different from the rest. it is also a flashing movie, everything is short, every scene is long just some seconds. it is a reported story, many things are known because friends and parents talk about that, and their opinion is central, the opinions create the story and destroy it. it is a simple story of a couple as i said, but it is not boring, it just show a couple, should be everything known, it is, but i am sure that every one of you will want to know what happen, so don't forget to watch the end!
director paul verhoeven's american vehicles are of varied quality, but most of the films he made in his native country are indisputable masterworks. this is the story of alcoholic (and bi-sexual) writer who moves in with a beautiful rich and very strange woman. but the lady does not know that he is only interested in meeting the woman's handsome male lover. in the meantime, the writer is plagued with strange visions - at first they look like hallucinations triggered by alcohol abuse, but he soon begins to realize that he is actually experiencing some kind of premonitions. fascinating hitchcockian thriller, very original and provocative. i love films that make you think they are about something, but then you realize they are about something completely different. this is one of those movies; a thriller during the first half, and a quasi-religious surrealist saga during the second half. very erotic, original and blasphemous, not for kids or people that go to church every sunday. great cinematography by future director jan de bont. highly reommended!
it could have been a better film. it does drag at points, and the central story shifts from boyer completing his mission to boyer avenging wanda hendrix's death, but graham greene is an author who is really hard to spoil. his stories are all morality tales, due to his own considerations of catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his world view), and the human condition. boyer is luis denard, a well-known concert pianist, who has sided with the republicans in the spanish civil war. he has been sent to england to try to carry through an arms purchase deal that is desperately needed. unfortunately for denard he is literally on his own - everyone of his contacts turns out to be a willing turncoat for the falagists of spain. in particular katina paxinou (mrs. melendez) a grim boarding house keeper, and peter lorre (mr. contreras) a teacher of an "esperanto" type international language. wanda hendrix is the drudge of a girl (else) who works for mrs. melendez. the local diplomat, licata (victor francken) is already a willing associate of the falangists. the brits (holmes herbert, miles mander, and best - if not worst - of the lot, george coulouris) don't give much hope to boyer's cause (which he soon grasps may be britain's before long). herbert and mander just retreat behind the official policy of neutrality ordered by the ramsay macdonald's and stanley baldwin's governments during the civil war. coulouris here is a typical col. blimp type - always impeccable in his native english diction, he is sharp in showing his dislike for foreigners in general. the one ray of hope is lauren bacall (rose cullen), here trying to play her role as well as she can - but she can't really. she's an aristocrat - the daughter of a press lord. it was bacall's second film, and (sad to say) almost sank her long career. she does act well, but the spark she showed in her first film was due to the dual effect of starring with humphrey bogart and being directed by howard hawks. boyer is a fine actor, but he's not bogie, and herman shumlin is not hawks. her next film returned her to bogie and hawks again, and her star resumed it's ascendancy. it's a bleak film (as was the novel). boyer's mission never succeeds, as he has too many hidden foes all over the place. but the villains are likewise also losers - frequently with their lives. with dan seymour as a suspicious foreign tenant of katina paxinou (and the man who destroys her). it is well worth watching to catch the warner's lot of character actors doing their best given the weakness in direction.
i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me.to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot.hahahaha...but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death"i was inside you".i think that's what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she's too young when he never cared how old the other girls were.?now i don't think i myself could ever trust a cop like that.but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way.and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.hahahahaha.she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died hello!! it's called back-up.sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.but that's what i think an thought about the movie.
overall, i enjoyed this film and would recommend it to indie film lovers. however, i really want to note the similarities between parts of this film and nichols' closer. one scene especially where adrian grenier's character is questioning rosario dawson's about her sex life while he was away is remarkably similar to the scene in closer where clive owen's character is questioning julia roberts, although it is acted with less harshness and intensity in "love." also note that "anna" is the name of both dawson's and roberts' character. can't be coincidence. now closer is based on patrick marber's play and supposedly this film is loosely based on arthur schnitzler's "reigen" so i'm not sure how this connection formed. anyone have an idea?
i thought this movie was a lot better than most movie critics are giving it credit for. though it has its confusing parts of the plot, it doesn't greatly interfere with your understanding of the movie. that being said, if you're not open to more liberal political ideas, then this probably isn't the movie for you. i thought all the actors in the movie were outstanding. each character has their funny moments and the audience at the tribeca film festival was laughing throughout the whole thing. i thought the satire was a tad over the top in one particular area, but that's intentionally done. john cusack is right in that although it's set in the future, it really makes you see the present.
this movie answers the question, how does a relationship survive when your girlfriend is codependent, clinging, needy, jealous .. and has powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal women? without spoiling the movie, i can safely assure you it does not, but there's great fun to be had along the way. uma thurman is perfect as the mercurial super-heroine, an uber-babe, mysteriously named g-girl, who unlike most in her sisterhood, is not *always* dedicated to truth, justice, and the american way. thurman is also believable as the thoroughly daft, yet somehow still fetching, curator jenny. when she is dumped for a less endowed but more emotionally secure and well adjusted rival, g-girl goes ballistic, and what follows is not pretty. it's funny, but it's not pretty .. it's a delightful premise, hell hath no fury like a super-heroine scorned, and those involved don't altogether carry it off, but it has its moments, and i think i'll get the dvd. i liked this movie ..
ladislas starewicz's curiosity with insects and cinema melds into a short film about a love triangle between mr. beetle, an artistic grasshopper, and mrs. beetle. the rather simple story of an adulterous beetle couple that both seek stimulation outside their marriage is similar to a biograph or vitagraph short of the time. starewicz's twist on the story is to use embalmed beetles with wires straightening the legs in frame-by-frame animation. the story builds as mr. beetle is unknowingly caught on camera with a dragonfly from the local nightclub by a jealous grasshopper. when mr. beetle comes home to find his wife in the arms of her artistic friend, he chases her around angrily, but eventually forgives her and takes her out to see a movie. however, mrs. beetle soon learns of her husband's infidelities as the movie they watch is the jealous grasshopper's footage of mr. beetle and the dragonfly together. mrs. beetle thrashes mr. beetle with her umbrella, mr. beetle jumps through the screen, and they both end up in jail after the projector they wreck catches on fire. the insects are placed in humanized settings such as a house or a nightclub, and are given human characteristics of jealousy, anger, lust, and revenge. the insect characters carry briefcases, drive motorcars, and even wear shoes yet they also twitch their antennae and open and close their mandibles as real insects would. the novelty of the story doesn't wear itself out, even after multiple viewings, but as fluid as the movements are, the film moves slowly. action happens with intricate detail, but rapidity and a quicker pace of filming is lost in the process. despite its pace, the film is an excellent example of starewicz's early puppetry and is highly recommended.
this movie is one of the most underrated movie of its time. when watching this movie , your filled with action, and when somethings not really happing , the humour is un matched. brilliant writing for a movie that was made to give us a bloody mix , of a game show where criminals are the contestants, and a near future where the general public all have a thirst for blood.also arnold doesn't let us down with some of his best one liners.i don't want to spoil anything for you ,but i will tell you when arnold gives his "i'll be back line" he gets the best response of them all in this movie. hope you enjoy this gem as much as i did.
this film takes you on one family's impossible journey, and makes you feel every step of their odyssey. beautifully acted and photographed, heartbreakingly real. its last line, with its wistful hope, is one of the more powerful in memory.
this excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time. i could not take my eyes off the screen for one second because every word kept connecting the pieces to this puzzling murder. this movie really touched me because it showed how sad and hard life can be. i really did cry in the end (which i don't want to give away!) it also let me realize how cruel and sickening people can be when it comes to murder. the cast was also very good. the only bad cast member was the actress who played anne marie. the actress did a great job, but the director didn't. i say this because he found someone who didn't look a single bit like anne marie fahey herself.
certainly any others i have seen pale in comparison. the series gives balanced coverage to all theatres of operation. no one country is given undue credit for the allied victory. laurence olivier brings great weight and dignity to his role as narrator.
for those who think of dame may witty as the kindly, slightly batty, old lady from hitchcock's the lady vanishes, this movie requires an adjustment. here, she's anything but kindly or batty. instead, her son, george macready is the loony one. just don't give him a knife, otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe. now we know what he has in mind for the trapped nina foch if he can just get out from under mother's domineering hand. really tight little woman-in-danger film that keeps the suspense on high throughout. the script never strays from foch's dilemma. she's held prisoner in a big old gothic house on the edge of an angry sea. they're going to kill her, but why. her predicament makes no sense. the tension mounts as she tries one escape ploy after another, but even strangers seem against her. we begin to feel her helplessness and mounting paranoia as the world turns away from her. director joseph h. lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so. then too, watch foch run subtly through a gamut of emotions without once going over the top. witty too shines as a really intimidating matriarch who knows what she wants and how to get it if she can just keep her wacko son in line. my one reservation is the climax which seems too contrived considering the timing of the events. nonetheless, it's a good, nerve-wracking way to spend a little over an hour, courtesy columbia studios.
this is a brilliant political satire. no wonder why it was largely ignored in the u.s.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is. another good film from this era, rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the u.s. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination. a clever plot, good acting, some big stars (john cusack, ben kingsley, marisa tomei anyone?) and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit. unfortunately, americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.
homelessness (or houselessness as george carlin stated) has been an issue for years but never a plan to help those on the street that were once considered human who did everything from going to school, work, or vote for the matter. most people think of the homeless as just a lost cause while worrying about things such as racism, the war on iraq, pressuring kids to succeed, technology, the elections, inflation, or worrying if they'll be next to end up on the streets. but what if you were given a bet to live on the streets for a month without the luxuries you once had from a home, the entertainment sets, a bathroom, pictures on the wall, a computer, and everything you once treasure to see what it's like to be homeless? that is goddard bolt's lesson. mel brooks (who directs) who stars as bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until deciding to make a bet with a sissy rival (jeffery tambor) to see if he can live in the streets for thirty days without the luxuries; if bolt succeeds, he can do what he wants with a future project of making more buildings. the bet's on where bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor his every move where he can't step off the sidewalk. he's given the nickname pepto by a vagrant after it's written on his forehead where bolt meets other characters including a woman by the name of molly (lesley ann warren) an ex-dancer who got divorce before losing her home, and her pals sailor (howard morris) and fumes (teddy wilson) who are already used to the streets. they're survivors. bolt isn't. he's not used to reaching mutual agreements like he once did when being rich where it's fight or flight, kill or be killed. while the love connection between molly and bolt wasn't necessary to plot, i found "life stinks" to be one of mel brooks' observant films where prior to being a comedy, it shows a tender side compared to his slapstick work such as blazing saddles, young frankenstein, or spaceballs for the matter, to show what it's like having something valuable before losing it the next day or on the other hand making a stupid bet like all rich people do when they don't know what to do with their money. maybe they should give it to the homeless instead of using it like monopoly money. or maybe this film will inspire you to help others.
i know a lot of people don't like this movie, but i just think it is adorable. there's not much i can say, but the movie is a feel-good movie i guess. the songs are beautiful, the costumes are beautiful, the voices are beautiful, and there are a lot of funny lines in the movie, especially as briggitta learns about the do's and don't's of society. if you like musicals, i'd say you'd like this one!
down to earth is the best movie!!! it is so funny, and it's really sweet too. it has a good plot and it's unique. it isn't like those movies that are all the same with the similar story lines, and it's not all comedy and no story. this movie also has a very good ending.
i saw a preview of freebird at the isle of man tt as i had heard about it in a couple of motorcycle mags. although i was over mainly for the racing, the lure of seeing phil daniels in a motorcycle movie (yes i love quadrophenia like everyone else) proved enough to get me away from the beer and partying. at last! we've done it! us british have actually made a great motorcycle film (and no it's not like torque) this is up there with the best of british comedy. mark my words, this is phil daniels best screen performance, and as far as geoff bell is concerned, there's a new british legend making his name felt. i loved gary stretch in shane meadows' fantastic dead mans shoes and here he gives a quietly touching performance that he can proudly add to his growing film reputation. this is a film not just for us bikers, but i think for everyone (even my girlfriend loved it). i hope it gets the same brilliant response on the mainland as it got at the isle of man. i'm not going to go into the details of certain classic scenes that this movie has, (watch out for the shop), as it would spoil the fun, but i would say, go see, enjoy, and have one of the best nights in the cinema you've had in a while. i really think this could well be a cult classic. as they were saying at the tt... c'mon freebird!
an absolute classic !! the direction is flawless , the acting is just superb. words fall short for this great work. the most definitive movie on mumbai police. this movie has stood the test of times. om puri gives a stellar performance, smita patil no less. all the actors have done their best and the movie races on thrilling you at every moment. this movie shakes your whole being badly and forces you to rethink about many issues that confront our society. this is the story of a cop (om puri ) who starts out in his career as a honest man but ultimately degenerates into a killer. the first attempt in bollywood to get behind the scenes and expose the depressing truth about mumbai cops. kudos to nihalani !! after this movie a slew of bollywood movies got released that exposed the criminal-politician-police nexus. thus this movie was truly a trend setter. this trend dominated the hindi movie scene for more than a decade. this movie was a moderate box office hit. a must-see for discerning movie fans.
this is a story about shin-ae, who moves to milyang from seoul with her young son jun to start over after the accidental death of her husband. her husband was born here, and she is opening up a piano school, but also has ambitions to own some land with the insurance money she received from the death. if that is what the film was about, it probably would have been like a hollywood film, with her falling for some local guy and being happy with her son in their new home. but, this is not hollywood. her son gets kidnapped and murdered, ostensibly because it is known she has cash from the settlement. the grief process, attempts at moving on, attempts to clear her conscience of guilt, are all done admirably, and the lead actress is superb. the only caveat, and it has to be stated, is that this is a depressing film. you have to know that going in. you want shin-ae to go through her grief and find some measure of happiness. again, this is not hollywood, it is korea and in korean cinema, especially drama, they pull no punches. life is what happens to you. great acting, but sometimes a tough film to watch, due to the goings on. if you stay, you'll be rewarded. do that.
i have seen this movie many times and each time i watch it i can't help but be entertained by it. gunga din is one of those classic movies made in hollywoods golden years when the actors themselves had to draw the audience into a movie without relying on fantastic special effects and man made "monsters" to carry a scene. the onscreen charisma and comraderie demonstrated by cary grant, victor mclaglen and douglas fairbanks jr. is suberb and very entertaining to watch. the tongue and cheek attitude in which the three actors play their roles works beutifully and flawlessly. some might consider it "corny" but i consider it "classic" filmaking and acting at its best. one must remember when watching this film that europe was involved in a war with germany and audiences went to the movies to escape from the horrors of war and to be entertained and taken away to a place where people were larger than life and did heroic deeds and good would always conquer over evil. gunga din accomplishes this perfectly by letting the audience laugh at and with the actors during their harrowing escapades. in short, its a classic film that doesnt take itself too seriously and doesnt want the audience to either.
amongst the standard one liner type action films, where acting and logic are checked at the door, this movie is at the top of the class. if the person in charge of casting were to have put "good" actors in this flick, it would have been worse(excepting richard dawson who actually did act well, if you can call playing yourself "acting"). i love this movie! the running man is in all likelihood god's gift to man(okay maybe just men). definitely the most quotable movie of our time so i'll part you with my favorite line: "it's all part of life's rich pattern brenda, and you better f*****g get used to it." ahh, more people have been called "brenda" for the sake of quoting this film than i can possibly imagine.
a surprise thriller with more twists and double crosses than a doodle pad. a great cast mixing it up with an intriguing plot overseen by a twin peaks-ish influence in director dahl. nicholas cage is a very underrated actor and shows a great portrayal of a man in a bind looking for the right thing to do. j.t. walsh (rip to a great actor) is always a wonderful villain, as is dennis hopper. it's such a shame he never made to a higher profile in the biz. i'm sure he has his followers, though. in all, this is a great film that shows you that you don't need big bangs or a commercial soundtrack to be an entertaining film.
verry classic plot but a verry fun horror movie for home movie party really gore in the second part this movie proves that you can make something fun with a small budget. i hope that the director will make another one
a thin story with many fine shots. eyecatchers here are the three ladies from the d.r.e.a.m. team. and, to a lesser extent, the guy accompanying them. traci lords convincingly acts out the female half of an evil business-couple intending to poison the world with antrax. original in this movie is the bra-bomb, put on a captured member of the d.r.e.a.m.-team. of course she is rescued by a co-member, three seconds before explosion. although clearly lent from james bond's 'goldfinger' and 'you only live twice', such a climax always works well. all in all a nice watch, james bond replaced here by three charlie's angels.
watching "the fox and the child" was an intoxicating experience. the lush visuals, integrity of point of view, and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure. the plot is uncomplicated. deceptively simple. within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless. i laughed. i wept. i learned. this is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to. dare i say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart. it reaches to the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through new eyes, as if seen from the heart. adi da samraj once said that true art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in reality. i feel i have been privileged to watch--no, to participate in--this film, a work of true art.
i first saw this mini-series a number of years ago on british television and was immediately captivated by the story. this rather surprised me as i am not a great fan of either 'jane eyre' or 'wuthering heights'; i consider the heroine of the former to be a self-righteous bore, and the latter piece of work as overblown claptrap. 'the tenant of wildfell hall', like the aforementioned works, is also somewhat depressing in parts. however, the darker parts of the film were offset by the excitement of helen's escape, the breathtakingly wild and beautiful landscape of yorkshire, and the sexual magnetism of toby stephens. this film successfully portrays the frustratingly restrictive lifestyle of all women of the time. at best they suffered from a form of minor domestic tyranny as portrayed by the treatment of the womenfolk in the markham household. at the other end of the scale, there is the unfortunate helen who is married to a wealthy man of high estate, but is exposed to brutality and humiliation alternating with long periods of neglect. she runs away and experiences a brief moment of freedom but, as a women of mystery living alone in a rural community, she inevitably becomes the subject of spiteful gossip and speculation. tara fitzgerald is excellent as the long-suffering helen markham. not only incredibly beautiful (in spite of that terribly unflattering hairstyle) with the most amazing cheekbones, she is also more than capable of playing the central role in the film. tara is dignified and aloof while, at the same time, allowing us to see that helen is still dangerously vulnerable. rupert graves is the depraved, yet curiously attractive arthur huntingdon - after seeing him, i could never imagine another actor playing that part. pam ferris deserves special mention for her role as gilbert's indulgent mother, as does the actress who played his sister rose, and simon carter who is the uncharitable vicar with a taste for the good things in life. finally, i could watch this film for toby stephens alone; he is so good-looking,rugged, sexy, sensitive (but not in a nauseatingly sentimental way). i am not even sure if he is a good actor as my hormones prevent me from judging him objectively! if there is a fault with the film it is the use of flashbacks which i felt both interfered with the flow of the story and made it slightly confusing. other people, who have watched this film with me, also had problems with this, and i found i had to explain to them that certain scenes were in fact retrospective. i am extremely grateful for the people responsible for making this film. not only did i puchase the video (a rare occurrence), but it led me to buy anne bronte's superb novel. naturally, this was better than the film, but only by a narrow margin. i recommend that anyone interested should watch the film and then read the book in that order.
i was also on hand for the premiere in toronto. this film was sort of a consolation when i thought i wouldn't be able to get in to see my first choice. well, i was totally blown away. by the time i got to the theater i could remember little other than the basic plot of the movie (yes, i actually forgot who was even in it.) terrific performances from the entire cast. carrie-anne moss was great in a true departure from her days as trinity. as for billy connolly, i think not since chaplin has an actor played so brilliantly with no lines what-so-ever. the kids were also great. definitely check this one out if you get the chance. and, by the way, i got to see my first choice anyway- and this was way better.
yes it may be goofy and may not seem as funny as many high budget comedies out there, but this movie is truly hilarious if you really watch it. tim meadows has always struck me as being funny off of the saturday night live show. whenever he would do this character on the show i would crack up laughing. so after i saw this was going to be playing on comedy central one night i decided to check it out. all in all i was farily impressed with this movie, because it wasn't meant to win any oscars or become comedy of the year, but it did entertain the saturday night live fans that love the ladies man character. this movie is also packed with some highly quotable lines that can be recited for years to come.
definitely one of the lesser of the astaire/rogers musicals. it's just very poorly plotted and paced. it only runs a few minutes longer than swing time, for example, but it feels a heck of a lot longer. this is partly due to the secondary romance between randolph scott and harriet hilliard. scott is rarely ever interesting. i like hilliard. she's sweet, and i love at least one of her songs, "but where are you?" ("get thee behind me satan", her other number, is a weak leftover from top hat, thankfully cut from that masterpiece). follow the fleet would actually be a bad film if not for at least three brilliant dance sequences between astaire and rogers. the dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers. the dance is just fantastic. "i'm putting all my eggs in one basket" presents the two rehearsing a dance that they don't quite have perfected yet. its imperfections make it all the more perfect. and "let's face the music and dance" is easily one of irving berlin's best songs. so the film is well worth watching for its great moments.
most stoogephiles consider this to be the best stooges short bar none, and they're right. curly is a scream dressed up in drag as "senorita cucaracha", and moe and larry are in top form as "senor mucho" and "senor gusto", respectively. christine mcintyre's beautiful operatic voice is given full rein--she actually was a trained opera singer--and it's wonderful. the great gino corrado is hilarious as a pompous italian singer terrorized by the stooges at a society party. some truly funny gags, good direction and very tight editing make this rise to the very top of the stooges' prolific output. what's even more amazing is that curly was having severe health problems at the time, and in several of the shorts he made during this period, you can see that he is obviously ill; his timing is way off, he speaks very slowly and haltingly, and has trouble getting around. fortunately, his health was in an upswing when he made this film, and it shows. classic stooge comedy, and enjoyed by even non-stooge fans (i had a girlfriend who couldn't stand the stooges, but even she laughed at this one). a must-see.
i first saw this as a child living in east london. the scars of hitlers luftwaffe were all too evident and the landscape of the movie was reminiscent of our street. i remember having nightmares after seeing it. the odd thing is, it really hasn't dated if viewed as a piece of social history in cinema fiction. apart from a globally destructive war, the scale of the machines was badly awry, more nano-technology now, but overall, an excellent and well-crafted work. it was interesting to see how space travel was perceived back then. i would think that firing a spacecraft from a gigantic gun would almost certainly kill the astronauts. however, much was right. mans desire for war, mans inhumanity to man. the means of war as a catalyst for development.
this is a extremely well-made film. the acting, script and camera-work are all first-rate. the music is good, too, though it is mostly early in the film, when things are still relatively cheery. there are no really superstars in the cast, though several faces will be familiar. the entire cast does an excellent job with the script. but it is hard to watch, because there is no good end to a situation like the one presented. it is now fashionable to blame the british for setting hindus and muslims against each other, and then cruelly separating them into two countries. there is some merit in this view, but it's also true that no one forced hindus and muslims in the region to mistreat each other as they did around the time of partition. it seems more likely that the british simply saw the tensions between the religions and were clever enough to exploit them to their own ends. the result is that there is much cruelty and inhumanity in the situation and this is very unpleasant to remember and to see on the screen. but it is never painted as a black-and-white case. there is baseness and nobility on both sides, and also the hope for change in the younger generation. there is redemption of a sort, in the end, when puro has to make a hard choice between a man who has ruined her life, but also truly loved her, and her family which has disowned her, then later come looking for her. but by that point, she has no option that is without great pain for her. this film carries the message that both muslims and hindus have their grave faults, and also that both can be dignified and caring people. the reality of partition makes that realisation all the more wrenching, since there can never be real reconciliation across the india/pakistan border. in that sense, it is similar to "mr & mrs iyer". in the end, we were glad to have seen the film, even though the resolution was heartbreaking. if the uk and us could deal with their own histories of racism with this kind of frankness, they would certainly be better off.
so, not being a poet myself, i have no real way to convey the beauty and simplicity of this documentary. the effortless motion of goldsworthy, as he molds natures beauty into his own work is captivating. watch him stick reeds together in a web hanging from a tree in a close up for a few minutes while he speaks of his work, and then receive the payoff when the camera cuts to the wide shot. be amazed by the ease with which he operates and then realize the futility when a slight breeze knocks down the entire web. the genius of goldsworthy seemingly knows no bounds as his inspiration is nature itself. it is in the essential change of nature where his work, though complete in its own sphere, is made whole.
this movie displays the kind of ensemble work one wishes for in every film. barbara bain and donald sutherland (who play husband and wife)are positive chilling, discussing the "family business" as if it were a grocery store or a dry cleaners. macy, campbell, ullman, and ritter are also terrific. they play off each other like members of a top-notch theatrical troupe, who realize that a quality product requires each actor to support the others unselfishly. and finally, there's sammy (david dorfman). what an amazing performance from a child...and what an uncanny resemblance he has to ullman, whose son he plays! we're treated to a unique story in "panic," and that's a rarity in these days of tired formulaic crap. the dialogue is sharp and smart, and this relatively short film nevertheless has the power to elicit a full range of emotions from the viewer. there are places to laugh, to be shocked, to be horrified, to be saddened, to be aroused, to be angry, and to love. it's not a movie that leaves you jumping for joy, but when it's over you're more than satisfied knowing you've spent the last ninety minutes experiencing a darn good piece of work. more of us would go to theatres if we were treated to quality fare like this. when are the powers that be in hollywood going to wake up? it's a real shame when something this good fails to get exposure beyond festivals and households fortunate enough to have cable.
it's a lovely movie ,it deeply reflects the chinese underground bands' current lives. if you chinese culture ,traditionaled rock n roll music, there you go, i will highly recommend this one .but one thing i am wondering is whether this movie has been showed in mainland ? i sorta doubt it ,:d
this was a fantastic episode. i saw a clip from it on youtube, and i vowed that should it ever show on tv, i would glue myself to the set in order to watch. i wound up watching it with a friend of mine, who happens to be gay, and the two of us cried at the end. this was a truly well-written, heartfelt episode of the forbidden love between two cops who, i felt, really were (in coop's words) "the lucky ones". it is episodes like this one that really make cold case one of the most captivating and much-loved works of television magic on cbs. i anxiously await more episodes, and a re-run of "forever blue" because i will always watch it again and again.
i know some people think the movie is boring but i disagree. it is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person. i liked the characters in the film and think that leaving parts of archie's life a mystery captured his humanity. i don't think the purpose of a good biography should be the detailing of someone's life but rather the complexities and relationships that make them interesting. and what is more fascinating than someone so successfully reinventing themselves? "men become what they dream - you have dreamed well." good job to lord attenborough. i also wanted to mention that nathaniel arcand really stood out to me as a charismatic actor and i hope to see him in more films.
a very interesting entertainment, with the charm of the old movies. tarzan faces the greatest perils without hesitation if the moment requires it, and we all enjoy with him his success.the most insteresting for me is a man without special powers facing the problems and beating them just with human skills (he was a great swimmer and had a great shout)
just cause is a flawed but decent film held together by strong performances and some creative (though exceedingly predictable) writing. sean connery is an anti-death penalty crusader brought in to save a seemingly innocent young black man (blair underwood) from the ultimate penalty. to set things right, connery ventures to the scene of the crime, where he must contend not only with the passage of time, but a meddling sheriff (laurence fishbourne). twists and turns and role reversals abound -- some surprising, some not -- as the aging crusader attempts to unravel the mystery. the climactic ending is a bit ludicrous, but just cause is worth a look on a slow night.
it is a great movie if you have ever named your cars or are really into old, fast, or exotic cars. it has a plot and a lot of action. the car scenes are great except for the totally fake car jump scene. all of the other scenes are great. i really enjoyed it and i hope everyone else does as well.
i actually quite enjoyed this show. even as a youngster i was interested in all sports and that included horse racing. it was always going to be difficult to make a series based on racing corruption and at the same time get permission from the race tracks to record filming about this controversial subject. one episode i particularly remember centred around a horse expected to win a big race that looked a bit off colour. a syringe was found on the stable floor and everyone thought it had been drugged but nothing showed up in the blood tests. all too late they realised the horse hadnt been doped but had had its knee cartilage removed. like running a car with no oil and the engine seizing up, the horse broke down with tragic consequences.
this movie has an all star cast, john candy, richard lewis, ornella mutti, cybill shepard, and jim belushi to name a few, run amuck in monte carlo, as well as some other beautiful european locations, and is very funny. the trouble that everyone gets in when they lie to protect themselves is great, and i highly recommend that you see this movie, it is well worth it! john candy is in top form in once upon a crime, as is everyone else! if you and your family are looking for a great family film, this is your ticket. everyone gives stellar performances, great acting, great comedy, and great timing, which is rare in movies these days. great plot, great mystery, (which i love anyways) and overall, well worth the money you spend on it. so get the kids, grab some popcorn, juice, or tea, or sodas, and enjoy the show!!!!
o my gosh... just give me a minute to breath. this movie takes you on an awesome ride and doesn't let you go until the very last blow in your face ending. this is the the movie for fans of stormriders and such. legend of zu was beautifully created, although i didn't like a few things, they used alot of stand ins. i wanted to see the real person fight but, oh well... a few small let downs,and i didn't really like it a lot until i watched it again, when you understand it more it totally kicks a**! i encourage anyone who ever wanted to see a true asian movie, to see this movie. i give this movie one of my highest ratings.go and see it when it comes out in america!!!
king's solomon's mines brings us patrick swayze (playing allan quatermain)who has spent a lot of time in africa, but decides it is time to return to england and be a father to his son. he finds that his wife's parents have taken custody of his son and that he has very little chance of getting custody of him with lots of money for a law suit. in comes alison deedy (playing elizabeth) whose father is in africa and being held by an african tribe for ransom of the map elizabeth's father had sent her. elizabeth seeks out quatermain to take her back to africa to find her father. there is a good cast of supporting characters that go along with quatermain and elizabeth and of course there are some enemies (russians) who want the map also. the movie holds your attention until the end. patrick once again plays a ruggedly handsome honorable man who comes to the rescue of the damsel in distress. patrick is a great dramatic actor who can easily portray passion, loss and despair, the rugged silent good man, anger and strength; in king solomon's minds his character actually smiles a few times. i would really like to see patrick swayze in a relaxed live-loving story again, one in which he doesn't have to clench his jaws and be quite so strong. maybe a little dancing would help. but this is a good movie for the entire family and worth the time to watch it.
i love this movie. i mean the story may not be the best, but the dancing most certainly makes up for it. you get to know a little bit about each character the way they want you to learn about them. i just think that you won't like this movie unless you're into broadway...
i grew up with h.r. pufnstuff and the dashingly talented jack wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of jack wild too. this movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining. this movie is not limited to children either. a lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss. the music in this movie suited jack wild and mama cass beautifully. and as a jack wild fan, i would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. knowing the hard life that jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song "if i could". it makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that i am now passing on to my children. let's all go to living island where there is friendship and fun! and keep jack wild's memory alive by passing pufnstuff on to others.
i saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. i still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of robert taylor. i always thought taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. this film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. he did not get enough roles like this during his long career. this is his best performance. he is totally believable in a truly villainous role. from what i have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. he basically would just do what mgm gave him. this film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. the other thing i remember about this film is how annoying lloyd nolan's character was. nolan was a great actor, but this character really aggravated me. the last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. this film is definitely worth a look.
for my opinion, the middle of the film, specially the love scene is a bit too long, but the whole time you can imagine this desert feeling. but the best, what made this film unforgettable are the great explosion pictures, their color, slowmotion and the pink floyd music are unique in filmhistory! destruction in its propper and popular form.
joan fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty who is entirely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself. her husband (richard ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his foolhardiness and her extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a tiny room, with little or no prospects. they continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing were wrong. he is a charming, feckless, but wholly amiable fellow. however, fontaine decides he has to go, as he has outlived his usefulness. so she resolves to poison him when she realizes he does not want to divorce her, so that she can move on. she has meanwhile had a lover (patric knowles) whom she decides to drop because he is not rich either. she meets the aging herbert marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even fontaine could figure out how to spend. she targets him and decides he will do nicely. he is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty. he certainly isn't very exciting, and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. but fontaine is one of those gals who has eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and it is transparent, so that she doesn't even notice or care what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it. she proceeds to poison her husband, and dispatches him very neatly and satisfactorily, so that everything is going well. but as always happens in the movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to go wrong, and the tension rises appreciably, so that fontaine begins to sweat. fontaine is particularly good at looking wicked and terrified, and as the net begins to close in on her, her rising sense of desperation is palpable and has us on the edges of our seats. hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning. but she finds a fall guy for her crime in the person of her cast off lover, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up. he is condemned to death for murder, because the husband's death by poison came to light unexpectedly. but sir cedric hardwicke, playing a grimly determined scotland yard inspector, thinks there may be something amiss, and begins to doubt the story and suspect fontaine. he closes in on her, and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired portrayals of the wildest panic. but will the innocent man's life be saved before he is executed? will fontaine worm her way out of this one? will herbert marshall protect her to safeguard his infatuation? this film is expertly directed by sam wood, and the film is a really superb suspense thriller which i suppose qualifies very well for the description of a superior film noir.
five deadly venoms is not as bloody and violent as story of ricky or super ninjas, but it features some of the best hand-to-hand fight sequences in hong kong film history. director chang cheh creates what is considered by many to be his masterpiece. this movie launched the careers of the five men who play the venoms. meng lo plays yet another bad ass. he would go on to be in super ninjas. kuo chui who is philip kwok would go on to story of ricky and hard boiled. any chop socky fan can apperciate this. but i still think it ain't as good as super ninjas (also made by chang cheh). but all chop socky is good and this is one of the very best.
this is a ripsnorting, old-fashioned adventure yarn. i understand that by today's political standards, the treatment of the indians was unacceptable. but this moving isn't about politics. it's about action, dialogue, comradery, acting, direction, music, and photography, and it's marvelous on all these factors. grant, fairbanks, and mclaglen are electric together, and jaffe is superb. this is the ultimate buddy movie.
this is the kind of film you want to see with a glass of wine, the fire on, and with your feet up. it doesn't require that much brain-power to follow, so is very good after a long day. i would say it is very unrealistic - if you expecting anything serious, then don't bother, but it is very funny. just the thought that a businessman would go so far as to agree to live in a slum for a while, and then actually get to enjoy it... i would definitely recommend it.
i had heard some not too good things about this movie and had probably seen the low score here at imdb and that's why i had avoided it. today they showed vanilla sky on tv and as i had nothing better to do... and as it turned out, i would have had a hard time finding anything better to do. vanilla sky is a frightening, sad and touching movie, actually one of the best i've seen in a while. i was surprised by how i was affected watching it. it's hard to explain, but during the movie your feelings towards the characters and your perception of what is going on changes and it's quite an emotional journey. vanilla sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie, or any media for that matter. i really recommend everyone to watch this movie. regardless of what you have heard about it.
what would happened when a depressed cop works with a shrink on probation? may be a lot of fun... this movie set a benchmark in the action/comedy genre of the argentinean cinema. dearable characters, probable story and a pace that between laughs has some thrill. i recommended it for a pleasant time of entertaining. peretti and luque join their efforts to fight against a cold and daringly foe in a time when it's difficult to trust someone. this movie will surprise you, the other side of the coin of "analyze me", but not alike, with nothing to envy. and if you like to know bs.as there where few scenes of downtown and the city center.
"el mar" directed by catalonian director agusti villarona, and based on the novel by blai bonet, offers a glimpse of the spanish history as seen by a balearic author that takes the viewer back to the days of the civil war in that country. the movie concentrates on three friends, and follows them from those early days during the onset of the war in majorca, to a few years later as two of those friends meet again when they are at a sanatorium, lost in the countryside. we first meet three boys that are playing happily. not everything is what it seems. the tragic death of one of them points out about the cruelty of the one that commits the evil deed. the boys have excluded a young girl, about their age, from taking part in their games. when we meet the adult ramallo again, he is on his way to a sanatorium. he seems to be suffering from tuberculosis. to his surprise, manuel tur, one of his boyhood friends is also being treated, and the young girl that was not welcomed to participate in their games is now one of the nuns that supervise their health care. it is obvious that tur looks at ramallo in a way that only means he is in love with the tough bully. their relationship will have devastating consequences. roger casamajor does a good job with portraying the older ramallo. bruno bergonzino makes an impression as tur, the vulnerable youth. antonia torrens plays sor francisca with conviction. angela molina, puts an appearance as carmen, the wife of the caretaker of the institution. simon andreu is perfect as alcantara. "el mar" is a dark film that clearly shows agusti villarona's talents in making the novel come alive for the viewer.
there's no romance or other side plot to this movie, it's action and intrigue all the way, making it a real man's kung-fu movie. an aging master dispatches his last disciple yan tieh to stop his five former pupils who's styles represents five venomous animals centipede,snake, scorpion, lizard and the toad. despite the word "venom" in the title, none of these pupil uses venoms to kill their opponents. yan tieh told by his teacher that he's no match for the five former pupil, must find one he can form an alliance with to defeat the other four. how yan tieh and the others find each other is the intrigue to the story, with good kung-fu action spread out throughout the story. recognized as a cult classic, this movie has already established itself in the annals of kung- fu action movies. it's known well enough that other movies make reference to the five styles depicted in this story. it's no artistic masterpiece, with the usual bad dubbing, and corny acting, but the movie is one of the best of its kind, because its so focused on the all the ingredients of kung-fu action movie of its time, and gives an extra concentrated dose of them. one movie you must watch if you are a kung-fu movie fan.
perhaps the best isabel allende's book, house of the spirits describes an alternative chilean history, this one full of magic, a mystic veil, plus some kind of omnipresent sadness. this movie gathers a great cast, plus a great art direction, with a script that cannot contain all this book's quality. it's unusual for a nearly unknown country like chile to get so well represented as it is by this movie, whose perhaps only sin is to aim too high, and because of that left the illiterate public a little upset, mostly because they understood very little.
i'm not entirely sure rob schmidt qualifies as a "master" in the genre of horror, since he previously just directed one horror film called "wrong turn" and that one was actually just was slightly above mediocre, but fact is that he made with "right to die" one of the best and creepiest episodes of the entire second season of the "masters of horror" franchise. there was a similar underdog story in season one, when william malone made on of the best episodes with "the fair haired child" even though his other long feature films "fear dot com" and "house on haunted hill" sucked pretty badly. the story of "right to die" cleverly picks in on the nowadays piping hot social debate of euthanasia, but thankfully also features multiple old-fashioned horror themes like ghostly vengeance, murderous conspiracies, pitch black humor and comic book styled violence. whilst driving home late one night and discussing the husband's continuous adultery, the addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident. cliff walks away from the wreck unharmed but his wife abby is fully burned and needs to be kept alive artificially. whilst cliff and his sleazy attorney (corbin bernsen of "the dentist") want to plug the plug on her and sue the car constructor, abbey's mum sets up a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on cliff. meanwhile abbey's hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in cliff's surrounding whenever she has a near fatal experience with the medical devices. after a few victims, cliff realizes it might be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to remain alive as well. "right to die" is a stupendous episode and exactly the type of stuff i always hoped to see from a tv-series concept like "masters of horror". it's violent and gory with a sick & twisted sense of humor and loads of sleaze sequences. the euthanasia theme and the whole obligatory media circus that surrounds it is processed into the script very well, yet without unnecessarily reverting to political standpoints or morality lessons. the atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling. actresses julia anderson and robin sydney both have pretty face and impressively voluptuous racks, which is always a welcome plus, and corbin bernsen is finally offered the chance again to depict a mean-spirited and egocentric bastard. great "moh" episode; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
...dont read any plot summaries because in words the plot might seem trivial, brain-dead and pointless. the film is excellent, the acting by both denzel and dakota (she will go sky high, trust me on that)are just fabulous, and the plot is mind blowing. actually "fabulous" is a small word to use for such talented actors. the film is just based on actual facts and some characters are not fictional, a fact that adds up to the shock that i was having during and after the film. if you are fond of both actors and of somewhat deranged films, you still haven't watched your favorite one yet...trust me, in the end you will have a weird and inexplicable feeling. the film is awesome, see it, rent it, buy it or whatever...just don't miss it
in this installment of the series, edmund blackadder is stuck in the regency period in britain (during the later portion of george iii's rule). this time, blackadder's prospects are much poorer--as instead of royalty, he's a servant to the very, very thick george iv (the price regent). unlike the historical accounts of george iv, this one is about as bright as a tomato and as a result, blackadder's able to take advantage of him and scheme to his heart's content. the only major difference in style between this one and earlier ones is that the series ends on a very, very, very different note--you just have to see it to believe it. other than that, all the usual story elements are there and the show is hilarious. the only reservation i have (as always) is that this show is not appropriate for the kids due to its crude language and adult situations.
this is like "crouching tiger, hidden dragon" in a more surreal, fantasy setting with incredible special effects and computer generated imagery that would put industrial light and magic to shame. the plot may be hard to follow, but that is the nature of translating chinese folklore to the screen; certainly the overall story would probably be more familiar to its native audience. however, an intelligent person should be able to keep up; moreover, the martial arts scenes potency are amplified by eye popping cgi.
best of the zorro serials and one of my favorite serials, period. this is a period serial set right after the birth of mexico. the new nation is counting on the gold produced by this one town to keep the republic solvent. however a gold god, don del oro is stirring up the indians and stealing the gold for himself. its zorro and his band of men to the rescue. reed hadley is a winning zorro and he cuts a dashing figure as he gets into a nice selection of scraps (most all of which were reused by the later zorro serials as well as other serials as well).the story moves and its nicely not clear who the real bad guy is. there is a reason that i've seen this the most of any serial i've seen, its simply a great action adventure film. the only thing i can compare it to is the mark of zorro with tyrone power or one of the other swashbucklers of the period. its super and highly recommended.
this is an exquisite film about the search for some bliss in everyday life. the pacing, the camera work, the emotion, the haunting musical score and the pure charm of this picture make it a must see. it isn't easily appreciated by the immature or emotionally stunted. the only flaw i can see about this film is that it wasn't captured in a more technically perfect film format. it deserved todd-ao, technicolor and the very finest sound format available.(an intimate film can be made in seventy millimeter.) the gorgeous italian villas effect on its inhabitants would have rendered even more lushly and the small lovely moments would be even more beautifully seen and heard. as it is, it still demands attention as a sweet moving small film. i can't stop myself from watching it every time it comes on satelite. the transformations of the characters from contained, tight and mistrustful is always a joy to watch and i really should recommend it more often. the casting is perfect, the mood is perfect, the acting is above reproach. it is a film about middle age and the choices people make.it is deep and thoughtful without beating the viewer up with heavy handedness. watch it in one sitting and let it have its effect on you. if you don't get it, perhaps you haven't lived enough, or something else is wrong with you.
george cukor directs a brooding and cynical classic. the distinctive ronald coleman is at his best in this piece of noir about an actor who loses himself in his roles. the acclaimed anthony john(colman)has driven his wife brita(signe hasso)away with his highly fueled temper and erratic behavior. but the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences. things begin to change as john is becoming bored with his career; he reluctantly agrees to play othello. he gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man. he begins walking a thin line between illusion and reality and ends up confusing his role with his own life and eventually kills his mistress(shelley winters),but has no memory of the dastardly deed. colman seems faultless in this role. winters is very impressive as the young woman determined to get away from her squalid life. also in the cast: edmond o'brien, ray collins, joe sawyer and whit bissell.
this is one of my favorite films of all time. i read the book and liked it, but this movie expands on everything the book made famous. the acting is fantastic, especially from jon voight, who plays mr. sir, a very evil character. this film has a certain way of storytelling that keeps you hooked throughout, until the end where everything is pulled together for a great ending. i also love the way this is directed, by flashing back and forth between the modern day and stanley's ancestors' stories. the story was written by louis sachar, yes, but it seems that this story is made for film, and andrew davis does a great job directing it. i definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys good movies.
with all of the films of recent,dealing with the british monarchy,is it really time for another? answer:you bet! the young victoria is another contribution to the wave of cinema from britain dealing with the royal family. in this case,it deals with the early life of princess victoria,and events leading up to the coronation of her becoming queen of all england,as well as her romance & eventual wedding to prince albert. the film also deals with the tempestuous lives & careers of both england's queen & prince,as well as several other events that transpire (political turmoil,etc.). emily blunt plays a radiant victoria in her youth,while rupert friend is her beloved & best friend,prince albert. the rest of the cast is rounded out with the likes of miranda richardson,as the dutchess of kent,and the always welcome on screen,jim broadbent as king william,as well as a cast of others that shine on screen. jean marc vallee (c.r.a.z.y.,loser love),directs from a winning screenplay by jullian fellowes (vanity fair,gosford park,separate lies). i absolutely went out of my head over the film's visual look (by cinematographer hagen bogdansker),who gave each frame of film a painterly look (with the help of production designer,patrice vermette),as well as some tight editing (by jill bilcock & matt garner). what i also appreciated in fellowes' script is the use of a game of chess,as a metaphor for some of the film's political motivation (the characters in the film move about like the pieces on a chess board). this is smart,well written,directed,filmed,edited & acted entertainment (and enlightenment)that makes for a well spent evening at the cinema. rated pg by the mpaa for a few scenes of sensuality,some brief violence ( a little bloody,although nothing too gory),a rude outburst of language,and some on screen smoking
a wonderfully quirky film with enough twists for a sack of pretzels. parker posey plays fay grim as a sexy, vulnerable, loving mother who may or may not be what she seems. the story is very tongue in cheek, and the dialog skillfully understated. hints of humor and intrigue, neither of which overpower the characterization posey pulls off so well. the supporting cast is stellar. the downside? this film needs your full attention, almost to the point of stopping the film and taking notes. posey has more sex appeal in her lifting of an eyebrow than most actresses have in their entire body. she's worth your time, even if you don't understand the denouement.
i got this movie from netflix after a long waiting time, so i was anticipating it greatly when it arrived. my worst fears were that it would be plodding, as well as... well, you know what all the screaming fan girls were babbling about? gacktnhyde=hawt yaoi love? that sort of thing? dreading it. i was very, very pleasantly surprised. the movie was surprisingly watchable, even if the filming and music did make it feel like someone was going to bust out a pair of nun-chucks every two scenes, and the acting on gackt's part was quite good. hyde, being, um, hyde, acted as a quasi-romantic friend/gang member character that anyone who saw him on stage would hardly be surprised by. he's one of my two major beefs with the film itself. but the rest of the cast (including the child actors in the opening scene) were very good at doing what they did- which was, mostly, get shot at and yelled at. but my second problem was very minor, having to do with the goriness. it seemed way too suspense-horror to me- like every scene where someone is shot they either slump over, really most sincerely dead, or lay there burbling for a rather long time. but sho just... takes the shots, repeatedly, keels over, bubbles a lot while he talks, and makes hyde cry. all in all, if you're a fan of any of the actors or just a j-film fan, it's definitely worth a watch.
the first of two films by johnny to, this film won many awards, but none so prestigious as a cannes golden palm nomination. the triad elects their leader, but it is far from democratic with the behind the scenes machinations. tony leung ka fai (zhou yu's train, ashes of time redux) is big d, who plans to take the baton no matter what it takes, even if it means a war. well, war is not going to happen as that is bad for business. big d will change his tune or... good performances by simon yam, louis koo and ka tung lam (infernal affairs i & iii), along with tony leung ka fai. whether masons, made men in the mafia, or members of the wo sing society, the ceremonies are the same; fascinating to watch. to be continued...
'ned kelly' is a wonderfully made australian film honouring a true australian hero. we are taken into the world of ned, his best friend, joe byrne, and the other members of the kelly gang, as the film explains and perhaps justifies ned's actions. there is an exceptional cast present, who all give stellar performances, which brings the film to life. (great job, heath!) orlando bloom was fantastic as joe, playing the role of quiet, loyal ladiesman very well. i was swept up in the moment. for a moment i almost believed the gang would win the battle at glenrowan, alas, it was not to be. some aspects of the film are fictional, and as an avid ned kelly fan (and supporter), was slightly disappointed by this. perhaps also the film could've gone longer, to cover more of the kelly gang's/ned's life - i felt not enough was covered. regardless of a few flaws, this is a moving film, which stirs all sorts of emotions. (and hey, i'd assume this film would be better to watch rather than mick jagger trying to portray ned...)
the synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect. it's a very good thriller. well shot. tough to believe it was bill paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look exactly like a storyboard version. still, there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of paxton. it's a solid story with some great twists at the end, several of them, all believable, all fun, and best of all, obscured well enough to make them true twists. the child actors in the movie do a great, too. i'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as nickelodeon rejects, but both these kids do a good job. this movie is not gory. it's not very scary. but it is very, very creepy.
i read nothing but good things about this movie and finally had a chance to watch it late last night and it was everything i expected it to be and more.this is the way a proper horror movie should be.i think the reason it was so scary was because it was so realistic. the spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood.i liked the dramatic opening scene and enjoyed how the rest of the movie played out.it was very easy to follow and understand unlike some movies which are way too complicated.the special effects were very good.i would love to see more horror movies like this one.this is easily one of my favorite's.a realistic thunder and lightning storm would have set a nice atmosphere for this movie.other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs.i highly recommend this movie to anyone who can appreciate a good scary movie that pulls no punches.i will be adding it to my collection.the dvd has some interesting special features.
i've seen this movie, when i was traveling in brazil. i found it difficult to really understand brazilian culture and society, because it has so many regional and class differences. to see this movie in sao paulo itself was a revelation. it shows something of the everyday life of many brazilians. on the other side, it is sometimes a little bit over-dramatized. and that's the only negative comment i have on this film. it's sometimes too much, too much sex, too many murders and too much cynicism for one film. the director could film some things a bit more subtle, it would make the film more effective. despite this i liked the movie and the way the story unravels itself. the characters are complex, and very much like real-life people. not pretty american actors and actresses with a lot of cosmetics, but people who could be ugly and beautiful at the same time. that makes the film realistic, even when the story is not that convincing.
a fierce, shockingly intelligent piece of work from the gifted british writer hanif kureishi who wrote "my beautiful laundrette", (this is the best thing he's done since then). it's about intelligent people whose lives don't add up to much. they've squandered what they have been given and are largely empty vessels. the only character on screen who is alive is the mother of the title yet she feels dead inside until a rough handyman shows her some affection and awakens her to the joys of sex. he has his own motives but kureishi treats him with a good deal of compassion. this is a film in which people and places feel familiar, where characters exist beyond the confines of the screen. in some respects it's a bit like "sunday, bloody sunday" but it's an altogether tougher piece of work. the director, roger michell, allows scenes to build instinctively. and it is beautifully acted. as the eponymous mother anne reid betrays her wasted life in every gesture. there is not a false note in her extraordinarily lived-in performance, and that very fine actor daniel craig displays shadings to his character than even kureishi hasn't tapped into. if the film strikes a false note it is, perhaps, in the character of the talentless daughter, caught up in a messy affair with the man her mother seduces (or should that be the other way round) and even messier life, but she is so well played by cathryn bradshaw she hooks you in nevertheless. the film is also extremely beautiful to look at (dop alwin kuchler) and must rank, unhesitatingly, as the best british film of the year.
this a superb self-contained work that is unconnected with anything before or after. brat pack crooning and club exclusivity are not my biscuits of choice, but in this law-free world they make an alluring ambiance. the film is packed with our guys, distinctive actors who add distinction to this work with winning performances. the dialogue is a joy. in fact it's a new vernacular. one of the few films that can be watched repeatedly with deepening appreciation. highpoints include billy idol's british loutishness, ben london's vulturine brassware, kyle's squirmishness, and the survey of ad hoc philosophies.
i saw this movie when i was a child. it blew me away. this was before the days of television, so a movie of this magnitude, could send a young kid into orbit. it so impressed me, that i went to see this movie for twelve consecutive days. the special effects used at this time were far ahead of its' time. sabu was a real delight, as was rex ingram as the genie. i found myself singing "i want to be a sailor" for months after the film left town. i would recommend this movie to any and everyone. i forgot to mention conrad veidt, who was as villainous a character as you'd ever want to meet. also, june duprez was never lovelier than she was in this picture. the color was outstanding. give this movie an aaa!
this is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in northern england. filmed on location in bolton, it stars james mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home. or so it seems. cleverly, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. the supporting cast is terrific as well, with many familiar faces lending support.
this is a docudrama story on the lindy chamberlain case and a look at it's impact on australian society. it especially looks at the problem of innuendo, gossip and expectation when dealing with real-life dramas. one issue the story deals with is the way it is expected people will all give the same emotional response to similar situations. not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis. just because the characters in the movies and on tv act in a certain way is no reason to expect real people to do so. this is especially apt for journalists and news editors who appear to be looking for the the big sob scene that will pull the ratings. it's an issue that has to be constantly addressed. the leads play the characters with depth, personality and sensitivity. and they are ably supported by a large cast all playing based-on-fact individuals. some viewers may be surprised to learn that many of the supporting cast in this story are people better known in australia as comic actors. it re-enforces my idea that comic actors make some of the best supports in dramas because with comedy they know how to establish quick impressions of individuals. (spoiler warning!) i have to say something very personal here; in that i am actually an ex-adventist who was a practicing member in australia at the time this incident occurred; so i have a slightly different impression of the story than most. i think it is handled with amazing creativity and personality, and emotional heart. i think the best scene is the one where the couple are hounded by the new choppers. it captured the themes of the story brilliantly. i once heard fred schepsi say in an interview that he told the actors to "play the best case for their character they could". while this is especially apt for this story, i think it is also a general principle that should apply to all acting as well.
in what is arguably the best outdoor adventure film of all time, four city guys confront nature's wrath, in a story of survival. the setting is backwoods georgia, with its forests, mountains, and wild rivers. the director, john boorman, chose to use local people, not actors, to portray secondary characters. these locals imbue the film with a depth of characterization unequaled in film history. no central casting "actors" could ever come close to these people's remarkable faces, voices, or actions. i don't recall a film wherein the secondary characters are so realistic and colorful. as much as anything else, it is this gritty realism that makes this film so amazing. another strength is the film's theme. nature, in the wild, can be violent. how appropriate that the setting should be the american south. very few places in the u.s. are, or have been, as violent as redneck country. in a story about darwinian survival of the fittest, the film conveys the idea that humans are part of nature, not separate from it. "deliverance" is very much a product of its time when, unlike today, americans expressed concern over a vanishing wilderness. the film's magnificent scenery, the sounds of birds, frogs, crickets, and the roar of the river rapids, combined with the absence of civilization, all convey an environmental message. and that is another strength of the film. at an entertainment level, the tension gradually escalates, as the plot proceeds. not even half way into the film the tension becomes extreme, and then never lets up, not until the final credits roll. very few films can sustain that level of intensity over such a long span of plot. finally, the film's technical quality is topnotch. direction and editing are flawless. cinematography is excellent. dialogue is interesting. and the acting is terrific. burt reynolds has never been better. ned beatty is perfectly cast and does a fine job. and jon voight should have been nominated for an oscar. if there is a weak link in the film, it is the music, which strikes me as timid. overall, "deliverance" almost certainly will appeal to viewers who like outdoor adventure. even for those who don't, the gritty characterizations, the acting, and the plot tension are reasons enough to watch this film, one of the finest in cinema history.
i just came back from a pre-release viewing of this excellent sci-fi film noire. it's style is definitively unique and very well made. it is filmed with actual actors, but transformed into a black and white comic-strip style you have never seen before. it goes one step further than sin city, and it does it well. it's a successful combination of french comic and movie cultures. the story and mood remind of blade runner, and if you liked that one you will surely like this one, too. the storyline is intelligent, never boring and has some nice little twists. this film is a must-see for any cinephile except perhaps those who absolutely don't like sci-fi or b&w.
i thought hugh o'conor was astounding as the young christy brown, and really deserved greater recognition for his role. i couldn't believe how well he played the part. of course, daniel day-lewis was brilliant too. my favourite scene is where the boys are playing football and christy uses his head to stop the goals and then kicks the penalty! amazing performances by the two christys (and other also).
"the kennel murder case" starts off at a run and doesn't stop until the very end. everybody had reason to kill the victim, and several people tried. william powell is terrific as philo vance, gentleman detective. mary astor is refreshing as the put-upon niece who only wants to marry her scottish gentleman and enjoy her inheritance. this movie comes paired with "nancy drew, reporter" on dvd, which is also fun. if you have to rent the disc (or check it out from your local library), do it. it's pure entertainment!
so, fox pulled the plug midway through a drama/mystery... how lame is that? do they expect us to invest our time in their new shows when there is a realistic risk of never finding out what happens? why weren't the remaining, already filmed episodes aired in the us? they were broadcast elsewhere. hey, fox! are you listening? this was a great show, but you left us hanging. if you're going to introduce new drama/mysteries, at least air a conclusion before abruptly ending mid-theme. every time something like this happens (and it seems to happen a lot with you - i.e., fox), there are more of those who will "wait and see" before investing their time. this means you will see an artificially low interest share, and are more likely to end the series. see? it is a vicious cycle. don't let us down again...
this low budget digital video film has strengths in the right places--writing and acting. in addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far. in low light conditions the characteristic video umber tone prevails but, surprising, it rivals film stock for brightness, clarity, and, saturation in brightly lit situations. this is grass roots film making at its best with snappy dialogue carrying a "midnight cowboy" kind of story about grifters doing whatever it takes to survive in urban san francisco.
the title of this film nearly put me off watching it. not being a manchester united fan, the mere mention of beckham was a bit off putting, however i put my prejudices behind me and i'm glad i did. i wasn't expecting much of a film, but i was pleasantly surprised. the film sped along with me never looking at my watch and i enjoyed every second of the film. if you liked east is east then you'll love this film. ok so the storyline is nothing new, and the classic storylines are contained within the film but it's all done very funnily, and with a breath of fresh air. the film moves very fast and keeps the audiance entertained. the occaisional funny moments are a good chuckle and not some poor attempt at humour, and best of all it's a good british comedy.
kusturika made it again. another masterpiece. a coral comedy full of his own landmarks, with a frenetic rhythm and many glorious moments, we laughed and laughed, what a party! the music is everywhere, and also the shooting, the animals, the crazy bastards, sex and amazing gadgets and inventions, everything colorfully visual to entertain only. pure cinema in essence. a wonderful experience to watch. and one is specially grateful since good comedies are so rare, and so wonderful. well, this is one, and if you enjoyed kusturica's previous films, you'll love this, although, as in all comedies, it is about a chemical reaction, and you have to be in the mood for it.
this movie re-wrote film history in every way. no one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism. every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it. it is an extremely beautiful movie, and i doubt many of us will see anything like it again. i've seen it more times than i care to count, and i still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. one for the ages.
this movie is a half-documentary...and it is pretty interesting.... this is a good movie...based on the true story of how a bunch of norwegian saboturs managed to stop the heavy water production in rukjan, norway and the deliverance of the rest of the heavy water to germany. this movie isn't perfect and it could have been a bit better... the best part of the movie is that some of the saboturs are played by themselves!!! if you're interested in history of wwii and film this is a movie that's worth a look!!
at first i was weirded out that a tv show's main character could bring the dead back to life, but then i thought i'd give it a shot. guess what? i love "pushing daisies" and look forward to wednesday nights just to watch it, then for the next week i watch it a few more times on my dvr. the colorful characters, witty banter, fast-paced dialogue, and new unique situations draws me in and captivates from beginning to end. ned and chuck charles' relationship is interesting to watch as they work their romance around the fact that they cannot have physical contact. even detective emerson cod's character has continued to grow in complexity. and olive snook! jiminy crispies! she cracks me up! the narrator's voice is fun to listen to and the cinematography gives me the impression that i am watching a movie instead of a tv show. i have recommended my family and friends to turn on "pushing daisies" and they are hooked too!!! the show is well worth waiting a week for a new episode and if you have not seen "p.d.", i highly recommend watching it!
hamlet is by far my favorite of all of shakespeare's works. branaugh is one heck of an actor. his portrayal of this was just amazing. his soliloquies were breathtaking. for as long as it was it is rare for a film to hold my interest, however i was engrossed in this particular piece. i recommend this to anyone both fan of shakespeare and those not so much. this has everything the modern world looks for in its films: murder, betrayal, and deceit. not to knock mel gibson's version, but branaughs touches the whole work. this leaves no stone unturned. when you finish the film it will feel as if you read the play yourself. um how you say "two thumbs up".
kalifornia is a movie about lost ideals. a journey on the darkest road ever. the road of no return. the plot is about a couple that set out to find a better life in california. the man (david duchovny in his best role up to now) wants to write a book about the famous crimes that have happened in america and his girl - who is a photographer - is going to take the pictures. so they set out on a trail of famous murders not knowing what awaits them on the way. to share the journey expenses they decide to find another couple and they put an ad. but the couple that answers it is not just any couple. it is one of the strangest couples ever. the girl is a naive, frail creature that dreams a lot and loves cactuses. the man is exactly the opposite. a cruel ruthless murderer. we learn that early in the film and we follow him along the journey to kalifornia (not with c as usual, but with k, presumably symbolizing the word killer), along his journey of betrayal, murder and finally defeat. all the leads, duchovny, pitt, lewis and forbes give really good performances and you have to take into consideration that when this movie was filmed not even one of them was a star. the photography is amazing, with darkness covering the greatest parts of the movie, and the music suits the dark character of the film. on the whole this is a really good movie. don't miss it. you'll think again before taking some stranger in your car to share the gas with!
this movie is a little unusual in that it's got a very slim plot and the movie itself is done at a very slow and leisurely pace. while this makes it pretty different from the average grant film, it is still highly watchable and entertaining. it's sort of like someone said "let's just follow cary around and watch as he gets perturbed at all the little problems that come up when you are having a house rehabbed". considering what a fun actor he is in the film and the great support he gets from myrna loy and melvin douglas, the film works very well. while the film has pretty modest pretensions, it makes the most of the material. it's a great film for cary grant fans or for the whole family.
i too have gone thru very painful personal loss (twice) and this movie portrays the gut wrenching reality of that experience very well, life out of balance, nothing makes sense, well meaning relatives, etc... it was nice to see ally again. she is one of my all time favorite movie actors. i laughed and cried as the story unfolded. great story and cast. well done!
a wonderful movie! anyone growing up in an italian family will definitely see themselves in these characters. a good family movie with sadness, humor, and very good acting from all. you will enjoy this movie!! we need more like it.
while returning from a christmas eve shopping trip, an abused suburban housewife (basinger) finds herself in a fight for survival after a disagreement with a group of delinquent youths takes a violent turn. suffering the indignity of a straight to dvd release here in the u.k., susan montford's directorial debut will perhaps not be given the recognition it deserves. this is a shame, as the standard of the writing, directing and acting is very good indeed, and certainly surpasses the quality of your average straight to dvd flick. kim basinger gives her best performance in some time as the downtrodden wife of an abusive husband (craig sheffer). while sheffer is not really given anything more to do than be a threatening presence, it is in their brief scenes together that basinger connects - showing painful vulnerability yet hinting at the rage that will eventually boil over in her confrontations with the youths. it's a truly great, understated performance, her transformation from victim to aggressor is seamlessly played. lukas haas i initially thought was miscast, as he (along with the other three youths) just did not seem much of a threat. however, had all four youths been more physically imposing, the later scenes in which basinger turns the tables against them would not have worked at all. the fact that these are four average men, albeit slightly unhinged, is the key to why the film works as well as it does. apart from a few pacing issues during the latter half of the movie and a couple of cheesy lines here and there, what we have here is a great thriller that actually leaves the viewer with something to think about when the film is over. some may be put off by the slow - burn nature of the opening scenes, or the abrupt ending. others by the at times brutal violence. i say give it a chance, it's certainly more deserving of your time than saw v.
other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film. that's simply not true and a little unfair. the acting is of a good quality and the direction moves on with a decent fluidity. i don't think there's anything wrong with the tarantino-esquire way of interlocking stories together. perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try. i thought it made the film much more interesting. perhaps a few elements of the script need tightening, but that's about the only fault i can find. nestor cantillana gives a great performance as sylvio, also antonella rios is stunning and worth the price of admission alone.
i have seen "miracles still happen" now at least four times. i never tire of this fantastic movie. from the very beginning, it holds a person's interest. as the movie progresses and the plane crashes the story becomes very intense as we watch this young girl trying to survive alone and frightened in the amazon, following a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. losing her mother in this plane crash as well makes this movie even more dramatic as we see the perils this young girl had to endure during her ten days in the amazon. to think this really did happen is just unreal and to think that anyone could actualy survive this is unspeakable as we see the wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, the enormous forests and wildlife as well as countless insects. as the movie progresses we see the many dangers this girl has to face as she tries to follow the river in hopes of it leading her to a town. remembering what her father told her about how a stream will always lead to a river and then into an even larger river and this means it will eventually lead to a community, this young girl keep track of the tiny stream which eventually lead into a huge river all throughout the movie. at times having to swim in dangerous waters, alone, frightened, injured, she always managed to keep going. towards the end of this movie it was obvious she would not have been able to continue much longer as she had not eaten in ten days and only had water to drink and was very sick and tired from her perils. eventually as she sees a canoe, she realizes there has to be a village and men find her and they take care of her and then take her to a hospital where her father comes to see her, after fearing she was dead along with the many other passengers. such a dramatic movie and so heartwarming to see her father's face when he sees his daughter is actually still alive after all this time in the amazon! movies like this aren't made much those days. i will still see it again and i know i will never tire of it! to think this girl was the only one single survivor of this airplane is just unspeakable! also the fact she only maintained a few very slight injuries was even more remarkable, whereas everyone else on this airplane perished in the horrific crash into the wilds of the amazon. a brilliant movie, superbly acted out indeed and one i will treasure forever and love to continue watching! strongly recommended by me for sure!
my boyfriend and i both enjoyed this film very much. the viewer is swept away from modern life into old japan, while at the same time exposed to very current themes. the characters are realistic and detailed; it has an unpredictable ending and story, which is very refreshing. the story is made up of mini-plots within the life of several geisha living together in a poor city district. i highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a realistic romance or life in old japan.
this is a reunion, a team, and a great episode of justice. from hesitation to resolution, clark has made a important leap from a troubled teenager who was afraid of a controlled destiny, to a superman who, like green arrow, sets aside his emotions to his few loved ones, ready to save the whole planet. this is not just a thrilling story about teamwork, loyalty, and friendship; this is also about deciding what's more important in life, a lesson for clark. i do not want the series to end, but i hope the ensuing episodes will strictly stick to what justice shows without any "rewind" pushes and put a good end here of smallville---and a wonderful beginning of superman. in this episode, however, we should have seen more contrast between lex and the team. nine stars should give it enough credit.
this was a delightful presentation. hemo (blood) as a greek god was so well played by the animation with vanity, arrogance, snobbish superiority and innocent wonder. the quote (or scene) i recall vividly is when hemo tires of "all this plumbing ... you haven't learned my secrets at all" and threatens to storm out, the scientist answers him in a single word "thalassa" -- salt water which horrifies the fiction writer but mollifies hemo and segues so neatly into the chemical aspects of blood. such a splendid blend of entertainment and information make this a classic as fresh and engrossing today as the day it was released. stimulating the interest and imagination is fundamental to teaching kids to love learning.
the williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. they find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. director john "bud" cardos begins the film on a compellingly mysterious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more exciting as the loopy story unfolds. moreover, cardos fills the screen with plenty of dazzling visuals and does a nice job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. the admirably sincere acting from a game cast qualifies as another major plus: jim davis as hearty patriarch grant williams, dorothy malone as his cheery wife ana, christopher mitchum as the concerned richard, marcy lafferty as his lovely wife beth, natasha ryan as sweet little girl jenny, and scott c. kolden as the gutsy steve. the funky special effects offer an inspired combo of gnarly miniatures, neat stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and nifty matte paintings. richard band's rousing full-bore orchestral score really hits the stirring spot. john arthur morrill's crisp, sunny cinematography likewise does the trick. a fun flick.
i'm not a steve carell fan however i like this movie about dan, an advice columnist, who goes to his parents house for a stay with his kids and ends up falling in love with his brother's girlfriend. its a story thats been told before, but not like this. there are simply too many little bits that make the film better than it should be. the cast is wonderful, and even if carell is not my cup of tea, he is quite good as the widower who's suppose to know everything but finds that knowing is different than feeling and that sometimes life surprises you. at times witty and wise in the way that an annoying hallmark card can be, the film still some how manages to grow on you and be something more than a run of the mill film. worth a look see
when i first heard about this series on animetv,i have to say that out of all the shows that i have seen,this one tops it all off. i had to see this show,and that is what i really did. when i got the first volume of this show,it was the best. i really liked the animation,and all the fight scenes were awesome. i have to say that my favorite characters in the show were saber,and archer and of course i also like illya. and of course,all the episodes on the volumes were interesting,and very cool. another thing i have to say about the series is michael mcconnohie(famous for transformers,and others) playing the voice of berserker. he does have a cool character. and i even watched the entire series all over again before watching the final volume. so if you to see something good,then see this show,it's the best.
one of the most heart-warming foreign films i've ever seen. the young girl is an amazing talent. stellar performances by her (doggie), the old man (the king of masks), and liang (the living boddhisatva). (spoiler) the deplorable treatment of children, especially females is disturbing. loved the music. the original chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story. this is a must see -- enjoyable family film, although not for very young children. would have rated the dvd release even higher if the soundtrack had been transferred better onto the dvd and the transfer had included the widescreen version.
faithful to the work of pearl s. buck whose years spent in china as a child of missionary parents that provided her with deep insights into the chinese culture and its philosophy, this film adaptation is brilliantly done, both in technically artistry and acting. wang lung is a humble farmer grateful for the basics of life: to survive off of his land and to be newly wed to olan, a servant to a rich and powerful family in the village area. despite wang lung and olan's best efforts to farm the land, raise kids, and build savings and wealth, a famine threatens to wipe out everything they have worked for. choosing not to sell their land, a traditional asian belief, they instead journey to a major city to wait out the famine. while in the city, they are reduced to begging and being just one of hundreds of other unfortunate homeless families. although not a looter, olan gets caught up in a mob looting at a rich man's house. she's summarily rounded up for execution by the army, but is saved at the last minute. her good fortune, however, is that she found valuable jewels at the looting site that affords her and her family the opportunity to return to their farm to start over again. the newly found wealth transforms wang lung. he becomes selfish, self-centered and takes credit for the find. he becomes a very rich farmer but that only makes matters worse as he increasingly becomes more unappreciative, arrogant and difficult to reason with. he loses touch with the basic things in life that money can't buy: loyalty, commitment, trust, fairness and honesty. as punishment, nature once again turns the table on wang lung by sending a plague of locust to destroy everything he has. brought to his knees, wang lung enlists the aid of all friends, former friends, workers, and family. with all that help, he succeeds in saving the farm. from that experience, he once again returns to humbleness and an appreciation for the basics in life.
i fell in love with emily watson in breaking the waves, then grew even more fascinated by her range and adeptness in hilary and jackie. now comes this stunning portrayal of a rich girl who spurns breeding and convention in favor of mothering the tortured soul of the child of a man clearly in need of mothering. her eyes are the mirror to his soul --and what gentle and beautiful eyes they are. those who take things literally will find marleen gorris' poetic and allegorical direction quite frustrating. romantics who are willing to go with the amazing kinetic energy is this filmed allegorical poem will be well rewarded.
a clever, undeniably entertaining romp starring peter ustinov as a career embezzler with his sights set on a us conglomerate in london. he's abetted by foxy (and deceptively sharp) maggie smith and threatened with exposure by jealous company man bob newhart. this is a heist film with a lot of brains. ustinov is exceptional as is smith and newhart is quite funny. the real surprise is karl malden, as the pill popping "executive vice-president." malden has seldom been so loose. cesar romero and robert morley pop up in some funny cameos. the excellent music score is by laurie johnson. eric till's direction is brisk and the script by ustinov and ira wallach is first-rate & very smart. a swinging good time!
i can only echo the praise of the other reviews here. it's a delightful film with a feelgood factor that it achieves without crossing the line into soppy sentimentality. naturally sweet - no added sugar. one small point: it seems to me that the mild objections raised about ustinov's character pendelton being able to walk in and defeat the system security ignore the fact that pendelton is clearly a genius/savant at this sort of thing. yes, the film was pretty computer illiterate, but it did show pendelton 'studying computers' at his flat, and i believe the implication was supposed to be that his gifts allowed him to simply engulf the whole subject, practically overnight. there were a few odd moments when it appeared in some scenes that gnatpole was trying to test pendelton's knowledge and call his bluff. i'm not sure whether we were supposed to believe that pendelton cunningly weaselled his way out of these situations, or whether he was actually knowledgeable enough to pass the tests - it was a little unclear. certainly he had to know enough to set up the dummy accounts. presumably wallach and ustinov were relying on their own rather foggy notion of how computers worked in those days, and in order to understand in detail what they were getting at, it's necessary to know quite what their concept was. they knew there was something about 'procedures' which was important; they thought that the 'smart light' could actually control security, rather than just indicate its state; they thought that the (dumb) user terminal's features would strongly influence what could be done on the mainframe itself - though apart from things like graphics feature i don't see it meself. mostly, i think they tried to avoid the subject of actual computer operations as far as they could, and they did that rather well. allowing them a bit of artistic license, i don't think their efforts had any flaws worthy of note. cd
the violent and rebel twenty-five years old sailor antwone fisher (derek luke) is sent to three sessions for evaluation with the navy psychiatrist dr. jerome davenport (denzel washington), after another outburst and aggression against a superior ranked navy man. reluctant in the beginning of the treatment, he gets confidence in dr. davenport and discloses his childhood, revealing painful traumas generated in his foster house. meanwhile, he meets cheryl smolley (joy briant), and they fall in love for each other. resolving his personal problems, antwone becomes a new man. this true familial drama is a touching and positive story of a man who finds a friend and is sent back to a regular life. the direction of denzel washington is excellent, making sensitive, attractive and with good taste, a story about child abuse. in the hands of another director, it might be a very heavy story. my vote is eight. title (brazil): 'voltando a viver' ('returning to live')
it is difficult to evaluate this or any other comparable film of the early sound era in terms that one might use for ordinary film commentary. at times there is almost a desperation, as many film personalities of the silent era try their wings at sound, surely fearing that they will be left by the wayside (as did happen to some), rin-tin-tin. however, was pertfectly natural. in such a vaudeville of unrelated sequences, some were sure to stand out john barrymore's soliloquy from richard ii is a moment certainly worth preserving. by and large, only those with earlier stage training exuded confidence. however, this is over all reasonably entertaining, and a must for "film buffs" especially interested in the silent to sound transition
i picked this up in the 'danger after dark' box set, and watched it solely because of my interest in the performance of hyde and gackt. i expected a corny horror film that was a huge gore-fest and with very bad dialogue. which is exactly what it would have been if it had been made in america. instead i found myself intrigued by the good development of the characters, and the way that sho (gackt) develops through the movie as a person. the acting skills of both stars was surprisingly good, considering they aren't professional actors, and the director did a marvelous job with it all, setting it in the future minus the flying cars and holographic billboards. on a side note, taro yamamoto's performance was very surprising. the only other film i've seen him in is battle royale, where he plays shogo kawada, and in this film he seems to be the exact opposite of shogo. toshi is bright, exuberant and hyper, serving as a sort of comic relief with his antics. shogo was the big tough guy on the island who killed without thinking anything of it. so, watch out for his performance, if you're familiar with battle royale, you'll be very surprised by him. but don't be thrown off by the summary on the back of the box, because this isn't really a vampire movie. it's just a movie with a vampire in it. that hyde's character is a vampire is almost a background fact with what's really going on in the foreground, and you guys will love the last scene. it's a really moving picture at some points, the photography is really well done. it's definitely something to pick up the next time you're at blockbuster.
this movie is pretty cheesy, but i do give it credit for at least trying to provide some characterization for it's principles. there are some great moments in the film and the dialogue has some great moments as well. the aerial assault sequence is perhaps the best part of the movie. i guess i really like the idea of what lengths a veteran will go for a fellow veteran. sure it's not all that well done, but the premise is not at all bad. tom
i know the film snobs are snorting. but if you're looking for a surprisingly fun ride through the b-movie jungle, try "jake speed". a little thin at times, but its one-liners and the location more then make up for this. john hurt(god love him), seems to be having fun doing his role as the ultra evil white slaver. the nemesis of crawfords, jake speed. he adds a dimension to the film that only a pro like hurt could provide. crawford and dennis christopher( jakes sidekick) are a good team,although you do wonder why they both put up with each other.however ,together both crawford and christopher portray a team that is just so much fun that, if you can get over yourself for a moment, you may find yourself acting like a kid again at the situations and the inherent suspense they provide.the delicious karen kopins does a great job as the damsel in distress that is more concerned about the motives of her rescuer then her tormentor. i have yet to find a movie that is as much fun without getting preachy,or bogging down the movie by trying too hard. not every movie has to be the latest "citizen kane". and trust me,wells was an original. so lets remember that sometimes, movies are for fun.not social commentary or attempting to sway an audience politically. but just for the sheer fun of being alive and living in a time when our hero's live in a celluloid dimension.
this movie was so good. leon phelps is hilarious. i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!! i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!i went out after and bought a case of cognac!!!!!
carlos saura's carmen is one of the finest achievements in world, let alone spanish, cinema. it manages to excite interest in flamenco in its wonderful staged adaptations from bizet with powerful physical force. at the same time we see the impact of the creation and rehearsal of a new interpretation of carmen on the choreographer/director and the principle dancers. the fine line between life and art is dazzling.
when i went to watch this movie my expectations were really low, but i was pleasantly surprised. i thought i was going to watch a boring teen-flick, but in fact the plot is interesting and well executed, the acting was somewhat convincing - especially from melville who really shows his talent in this movie, and the fight scenes were - for a low budget movie - very well done . i think this movie deserves a broader audience than it has received. it is a movie, which can be seen by the whole family - maybe not the smallest of kids, since it contains some rather rough scenes. a movie about love, and the problems that can occur, when you go against your family traditions. yes, the movie is very much like "bend it like beckham", but i actually think this movie pulls it off better.
"the invisible mouse" is a delightful and different tom & jerry's cartoon. it features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of "surprises" for tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him. as much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: jerry invisible. it's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. it's equally amusing to see jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. i really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible. some of the best jokes on this short are when tom sees jerry's shadow and slams him and even when tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and jerry writes "missed me". i also like when jerry drinks tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face. overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too.
the "men in white" movie is definitely one of the funniest, if not the funniest, comedy movies i ever watched! (and i watched quite a lot!) it is about two garbagemen, who become "men in white" and then stop an invasion from space. it is also a parody of lots of classic movies, such as "men in black", "star wars" or "dr. strangelove". anyone who says that this movie is crappy has something wrong with his head. there are tons of funny gags and jokes here, and you might actually get injury to your mouth from laughing too hard (it happened to me!). if you can watch this movie on tv, watch it now - you certainly won't regret it!
no strings attached features carlos mencia doing stand-up that makes us both laugh and think. not only does he poke fun at racial issues (like many haters claim), but he also talks about the best way to get illegal immigrants out of the country...what women mean when they say they want to be treated equally...why americans are crazier than arab terrorists...why nobody needs to pray for the pope - and what he hopes he's doing in heaven...a theory of how easter (aka big ups to jesus day) traditions got started...his viewing of the movie passion of the christ - and his sub-sequential argument with a woman about whether or not he's affected by jesus...how society should treat the physically handicapped...and even if you have the right to tell a joke or not. also, he never stops reminding us that each of us has a voice. so we should use it to speak the truth, say what we think, and not be afraid if others are offended. carlos is the bomb.
i loved this movie. great storyline and actors and good movie sets. it told the story in a way i can easily understand and pay attention to without falling asleep. i would like to know where i could get the soundtrack. i can not find it anywhere. please email me if you know where i could get the soundtrack. other than not being able to find the soundtrack i thought the movie was fascinating. swayze did a great job. i think this is some of his best work. his past movies were ok, but this one really told a story for a change. this will go down in history as being one of the best tv films ever aired. congrats to the producers and writers of such a great piece of work.
another entertaining travolta dance flick! great music, mood, and scenes. debra winger is beautiful! like "saturday night fever", this macho film features extremely improbable scenes of beautiful women falling for travolta and almost begging him to have sex with them.
this movie is not only the funniest film ever created, it's the greatest. my hats off to mr. and mrs. zodsworth and the rest of the wacky, wacky cast. good morning satan, want a donut? see it post haste! go see it now!
think pierce brosnan and you think suave, dapper, intelligent james bond. in this movie, brosnan plays against type - and has lots of fun doing so (as does the audience). this is a film about a hired assassin who befriends a harried businessman... and it works! this is a fun movie, with very good scenes (a riveting, on-the-edge brosnan and a good, compliant "off"-the-edge kinnear have some good lines). my only cavil is that hope davis, playing the oh-so-tolerant wife ("can i see your gun?") doesn't appear more often: she could have been a marvellous foil to these men. this movie is like a matador: it plays with the audience, while "going for a kill". the ending is awesome because a storyline (with a positive moral!) emerges: this is a frenetic, frantic and fun movie, which does deserve a wide audience.
i went looking for this movie in typical fan obsession. i just wanted to check it out. i was not expecting much of anything. after all, a musician, an actor and a screenplay writer? not possible for so much talent to reside in one person. right?? wrong!! obsession aside, it quickly became one of my favorites! the story line and characters are not lost in the typical hyped up hollywood special effects. the story plucks at your emotions and pulls you along. as the credits roll by, you suddenly realize you were glued until the end. at times, the acting seems a little over the top. i do, however, believe it's done with comedic intent and very fitting of the character. otherwise, i wouldn't have expected the level of acting witnessed. it's worth seeing more than once. i find myself laughing hysterically or gasping unexpectedly over something i either missed or forgot about the first time or two around. i completely recommend this movie. feel free to go in with your doubts, but i'm sure it will find a place on your shelf.
anyone who doesn't think bill and ted's bogus journey is one of the greatest movies of all time needs their head checked. it somehow manages to be both completely inane and no-brainer, but also terrifying knowing and clever at the same time. one of those rare films that actually improves upon it predecessor, bogus journey can be enjoyed again and again. notable highlights include the duel with death and the ending, which is highly "emotional". keanu wants to forget all that matrix rubbish and get down to doing what he does best, ted theodore logan in bill and ted: the return.
in this little film we have some great characters but a very shallow plot. it is actually nice to watch because singleton does a great job at presenting the esoteric conflicts and the interpersonal relationships. this makes the viewer forget the nonexistent realism that this movie supposedly is for. in fact what we have here is all the possible cliches and stereotypes put on celluloid in a rate higher than that of a soap. definitely not a deep movie (even if it wants to be), but better than an average college movie.
harvey keital's best performance so far the new century. very nicely photographed, a beautiful snap-shot of pre-castro cuba. the story revolves around the nephew of a local minor crime boss who develops a friendship with an american with hollywood connections. it's really about the moment when a boy awakens to the fact that the small circle of people he knows actually live in a much larger, much more complex world that he doesn't yet understand.the script is strong and filled with humor, the direction is crisp. over all, a really professional job that fits in well with the tradition of latin american cinema. the one weakness is the decision to shoot in sync-sound english rather than spanish - probably to improve sales in the us. unfortunately, this just makes the film a little less convincing. but if you can see beyond this, you will find a heartfelt trip to another world. recommended.
this is a sublime piece of film-making. it flows at just the right pace throughout. the accompanying music fits perfectly and is very pleasant to the ear. the humorous parts are hilarious and made even more so by the largely depressingly tragic nature of the film. however, despite much comment about the inherent tragedy of the storyline it was anything but depressing for me to watch. i thoroughly enjoyed it in a way that i haven't experienced for a long time. that is to say, it is superb and yet without all the common trappings of modern films such as; sex, violence and unnecessary special effects. 'dan in real life' lacks nothing for being without the regular vices. it has a fully matured plot that just doesn't require, and indeed would be ruined by, any further embellishment. at the same time, the theme is entirely adult. it's a piece of art in and of itself that encapsulates you entirely and you want for nothing more than it already offers. there are some scenes that feel a bit 'waltons' but these actually make perfect sense in the long run as they contrast the more dysfunctional moments. the rosier makes way for the tragic which then gives over to the idyllic which turns to the darker etc. this undulating landscape of emotional cinematography creates a perfect balance and keeps the viewer in a state of lithium-like stability. the peaks and troughs are gentle but more than adequate in the pleasure they instill. i highly recommend watching this film regardless of what genre you normally enjoy. put aside any prejudices because this is a must see!
noll's comfortable way of rolling out blunt comments, often with expletives, to describe things that he is more knowledgeable about than most is quite refreshing. there is one other character in the film that constantly tries to verbalize complicated issues, using more language than necessary. this guy should never have been given a thesaurus. cut to noll and you know you're in for a treat! the way the pioneers of big wave surfing are portrayed is very evocative of a "lost era". nevermind the fact that no one knows how these guys made a living, much less took care of issues like medical care. the use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done.
it's been a while since i've watched this movie, and the series, but now i'm refreshing my memory! this was a very funny movie based on the classic series! johnny knoxville and seann william scott were hilarious together. bo and luke duke help uncle jesse run moonshine in the general lee. when boss hogg forces the dukes off their farm, bo and luke sneak around hogg's local construction site and find samples of coal. they soon realize that boss hogg is gonna strip-mine hazzard county, unless the dukes can stop him, with the help of their beautiful cousin, daisy. my only two problems with the movie was that burt reynolds wasn't right for the part of boss hogg, and sheriff rosco p. coltrane was way too serious. other than that, i highly recommend the dukes of hazzard!!!
i just saw this at the toronto film festival, and i hope it gets wide release because i want to see it again! it is a character-driven film, and andrew and david are more than up to the task. any discussion of the plot might be considered spoilers, so i'll just say that the storyline is clever, the acting is superb, and the effects are amazing. well-filmed and well-paced too. one of the best films i have seen in ages, and very refreshing in this summer of dreary movies. it had the audience laughing the whole time. see it if you can. (i particularly liked the "candy bar! candy bar!" scene.)
this episode from the first season slightly edges towards controversy with the whole gender bending angle.i imagine there would have been a significant amount of editing before this was finished to appease censors. the story itself is original and well written and the directing is complemented by the fine acting.(nicholas lea makes his x-files debut though not as agent krycek but as a victim called michael) i especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself. its different but enjoyable.ignore any bad reviews you may hear.watch it for yourself and make judgement then
i don't hand out ten star ratings easily. a movie really has to impress me, and the bourne ultimatum has gone far beyond that. furthermore, this trilogy has come together so nicely, that i believe it to be one of the greatest motion picture trilogies of our time. though all three films could not be any more different from the ludlum novels, they still stand as a powerful landmark in cinematic achievement. the bourne ultimatum made me want to cry that the series was complete, yet i could not even attempt to stop smiling for hours. from the moment that the opening title appeared, i knew we were in for a ride. paul greengrass has done it again. everything we love from the previous bourne films is here once again: the action, the dialogue, and of course the shaky camera. however for me, that last one was never a problem. i think it adds to the suspense. i will be back to see this film several times before it is released on dvd, simply because it is genius. it is a perfectly satisfying conclusion, and should stand the test of time as a fantastic movie, and altogether, an unforgettable trilogy.
i instantly fell in love with "pushing daisies". this show manages to put a smile on my face with it's great storytelling, witty dialog and great acting. but that's not all: it also manages to keep you until the end. the basic idea behind the show - bringing people back to life with one touch, ending the undead status with a second - is interesting and could still be in later seasons. but the suspenseful murder cases, the unique look of the show and the highly proficient narrator add to the experience. but "pushing daisies" is more than it's parts. it has a certain charm that i really enjoy and i'm looking forward to enter the world of ned and chuck for a second season.
it is not the same as the other films about dancing. a few normal people found themselves from dancing. unlike the dancing films in hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. they are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. they are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. this touches me very deeply.
so i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply will not watch. this show, however, i would recommend to anyone. quite possibly the most original series to date, it;s got just about everything i could ask for. a side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will not be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very well put together voice acting cast (both japanese and american translation). if not for the terribly funny aspect to it, it would be, just another anime. more or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it. original to the core, with everything you could ask for in an afternoon, bet the house on this series. i'm ready to assure you that you will enjoy it.
bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political movie, a description of the revolutionary movement in italy, but that seems more metaphor than reality. well, almost everything in the movie seems like metaphor. the revolutionaries, of whom we see and about whom we learn very little, might as well be mafiosi. out with the old and in with the new. andrea's papa, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand for the usual traditional bourgeois values -- morally upright, unperturbed, clean and tidy, thoroughly ritualized. giullia, the girlfriend of a revolutionary, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs very badly a cause to support but is unable to muster up the kind of devotion such a commitment demands. (i'm guessing here.) andrea, the adolescent boy, seems to be the only guy in the movie who is not in some unquiet way "upatz." he's respectful of his father but disobedient too. he loves giullia, or so we assume, although he's not really old enough to have learned how to manage his reflexes optimally, but he leaves her in order to show up at school and complete his final exams. his course between these contradictory lifestyles could be described as "media." he's the man in between, who knows the meaning of gradualism, who can keep his cool while those about him are screaming. most of this is summed up during the oral part of his finals when he is asked to translate and comment on an excerpt from "antigone," which contrasts the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will. that brings us -- by no particular course that i'm aware of -- to marushka detmars. she brings to mind a new yorker cartoon of a few years ago. two hippos are neck-deep in the river, staring at a gazelle drinking from the bank, and one hippo says to the other, "i hate her." she's a good actress. (let me get that out of the way.) but so is everyone else in the film. she carries with her, in her speech and manner, the rich glitter of outright lunacy. and it all comes from the actress too, not from directorial aid. detmars isn't nuts the way catherine deneuve was nuts in "repulsion." the walls don't turn to rubber and grow hands. instead, we see her animated -- sometimes too animated. and she gives us shocking jolts when her mood abruptly changes and becomes threatening the way a looming thunderstorm is threatening. a critic described her as sultry, but that's probably not the word he was searching for. she's compellingly beautiful with her fluffy brown hair, her wide white ready grin, her impulsive giggles. and her eyes are like the eyes in the paintings on the walls of ancient egyptian tombs. the sexy parts are pretty erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we've gotten to know the characters involved. (it's more interesting to spy on the honeymoon couple next door than go to a skin flick.) actually there isn't that much sex. there is only one scene of simulated intercourse but the director lets it play out in what seems to be real time. at least real time for an eighteen-year-old boy. the young man who plays andrea is fine too, which is a necessary thing, because the film depends almost entirely on him and giullia. they have to carry it and they do. if it were not for their performances, i'm not sure this would be as interesting or as admirable flick as it is. it could easily have been turned into a rather slow, boring romance. worth it.
i think that this film adds to diversity and is very accurate in terms of historic reconstruction. the way it shows the various communities leaving together in thailand is very interesting...the portuguese, the japanese, and the various communities being managed by the king. the plots around the court are as usual a struggle for power with a lot of treason. the wardrobe is fine. the film is also done locally in thailand in a reasonable production. the scene with the elefant as executors is very interesting. it is fun and i think that is also usable in schools for its historic accuracy because it shows that the european in asia were subjects of the local kings in way very different from the traditional hollywood perspective.
this film takes you to another time when there was a different pace to everyday life. we get an idea how families had to deal with the war and how quickly we sent young men off to fight. a very touching look at the past and a reminder that casualties of war don't just happen on the front. luckily many of us have never had to go through what our great-grandparents, grandparents or parents went through during a war. this film, i think, is a small thank you. peter outerbridge looks amazingly like a young peter o'toole and russell crowe is absolutely charming and as australian as he can be. it's definitely worth listening to him recite "high flight" and makes me wonder what he might accomplish with shakespeare.
basically, this movie is one of those rare movies you either hate and think borders on suicide as the next best thing to do, rather than having to sit through it for two hours. or, as in my case, you see it as a kult hit, one of those movies wherein the humour, the plot, the acting, is actually very hidden but for those of us willing to go looking for it, trusting the director well, the reward is: u laugh your a.. of !! the fact that u have to find the things mentioned above, actually makes the movie even more funny, because u get the impression the director isn't even aware of how funny his movie is, which doesn't seem likely and therein lies the intelligence at the helm of this magnificient project called : spaced invaders !!
for a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance. it is done with style and class showing modesty's early days as a refugee and the start of her rise to power in the criminal world. i think it is a very honest/true portrayal of her character exactly as the writer peter o'donnell intended. alexandra staden as modesty is stunningly beautiful and an excellent choice. she acts very convincingly as the tough survivor with an exterior of cool/intelligent/innocence. and full marks to tarantino for choosing an unknown actress for the role - much more believeable to have a new face creating the part. i'm looking forward to the next film.
this stirring western spins the tale of the famous rifle of the early west that was coveted by one and all. james stewart is the cowboy who wins the prized winchester in a shootout, only to lose it in a robbery. the story details stewart's pursuit of the rifle and a certain man through the film. the rifle changes hands time after time, as though the owner is fated to lose it through violence. the picture has plenty of action and suspense as stewart closes in on his quarry. a great cast supports stewart here, namely stephen mcnally, dan duryea, millard mitchell, john mcintire and jay c. flippen. shelley winters seems miscast here and the purpose of her role is rather obscure. tony curtis and rock hudson, teen heartthrobs in later years, have brief but good roles.
this has to be one of the best movies to come out of hk in a long time, i was eagerly waiting to get my hands on this movie just looking at the title. loads of fantastic actors in this show and i was particularly impressed with sam lee's impossibly believable insane behavior and edison's portrayal of a killer machine, which totally reversed his normal idol image. i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie. however, i must warn you, this is also an equally depressing movie, as every character in the movie is in some kind of dead end and trouble of their own, and struggling to breathe. makes you think about what is life about really.
i don't know who could find fault with a simply human and funny film like this with lots of delights for your heart. i enjoyed each minute of it and guessed the ending half way through the movie -- but that did not disappoint me at all. it will not only touch your heart but it's such a good family friendly film--we need many more like these!
i find this movie the best movie i have ever seen, because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war. the movie is impressive, not least because it actually happened. it reminds me of the story of anne frank.
...and i love it. lots of special effects, and for a movie that's not made on mega budget, this movie really does great job of creating a fantasy masterpiece. i'm one of the guys who didn't understand the story at all, but this was still a great flick to watch. it's definitely up there in standards surpassing bored of the rings, and on par with movies like harry potter. which is saying a lot for a movie again, made on a fraction of the budget of these international hits. one thing i really love about this movie is that it so stretches the envelope of adventure movie to come out of hong kong. the topic is exotic and original. production quality is unlike anything seen coming out of hk for fantasy action movie, and acting is great. one of the best movies to come out of hong kong, this is the infernal affairs of hong kong fantasy movie, and i hope they'll continue working in this area, until they surpass hollywood adventure movies. just fantastic.
i was not only an extra in this movie, i got to see it in boston to a sold out cinema. over a thousand boston red sox / farrelly fans jammed themselves into a movie theater near boston common to watch a comedy....about them....red sox fanatics! drew barrymore and jimmy fallon star is this cute comedy about love and lust. the love is between the two young lovers. the lust is for the red sox winning the world series. although fallon is not a great actor, he is the best actor for the role. he is funny enough and gets the most laughs. barrymore on the other hand is the same old barrymore. at times, i felt supporting actress ione skye would have been a better actor for the role. all in all, all boston red sox fans will love this movie. for the rest of the world, this is just a funny movie.
it appears even the director doesn't like this film,but for me i think he's being a bit harsh on himself. sure it's not perfect, but there are some atmospheric shots,and the story is good enough to keep you interested throughout. it's shot in what appears to be quite a pretty village which adds to the atmosphere as well. if you like horror films shot in england, give it a go. i have just seen a trailer for this directors latest film 'the devil's chair' which looks quite amazing. there aren't enough english horror films for me, so any that come along deserve our attention, and this one isn't as bad as you may think
melissa joan hart shines! this show is amazing!! there is no match. except for maybe melissa in clarissa explains it all. she was marvelous in that, too. this is so much better than buffy, the vampire slayer. this show is wonderful!
this is a film that the mainstream market will probably never be able to access as it doesn't exactly give the viewer easy watching. the story about troubled spike and his friend heaton is not exactly a friday night film yet it has its own unique edge and i found that it was entertaining. there are moments of brilliance given that the film was shot on such a low budget, such as when spike inhales the aerosol. however i did not really understand the relationship between spike and heaton and to be honest it made me spend most of the film trying to work it out. and also i did not like the fact that most of the film is spent with the two friends talking and not really much "action". it is a small film that is complex to watch and that is what makes it appealing.
genre: dinosaur, animation, new york, time travel, circus.? main characters: rex the tyrannosaurus rex, elsa the pterodactyl, dweeb the parasarolophus, ooo the triceratops, a boy called louis, a girl called cecilia and captain new-eyes. ? actors: john goodman (rex), yeardley smith (cecilia), martin short (stubbs the clown), felicity kendal (elsa) etc.? what happens: four dinosaurs (see above) are fed some "brain grain cereal" and are now cuddly, friendly dinosaurs who are going to be nice to children. they go into new york, with big plans my thoughts: this is a cute animated film. the animation of the dinosaurs when they go cuddly and friendly is a bit floppy and not-so-good, but they look pleasant all the same that way. i like the dinosaurs when they are cuddly and friendly, they are nice, friendly and good. i like (almost) all the characters featured, especially elsa and cecilia, but of course i like the others as well. overall, i like this film a lot! :-) recommended to: people who like good children's animated films, people who like dinosaurs, john goodman and people who think that circuses aren't always what they seem enjoy! :-)
this story was never among my favourites in christie's works so i was pleasantly surprised to quite enjoy this adaptation. the mouse motif was effective if a little overdone, the bones of the story are there although more emphasis is placed on the 'crime in the past' subplot. the students were all pretty much as i imagined them although its a pity they weren't a more cosmopolitan bunch - perhaps the revised thirties setting didn't allow for that! i thought some very daring risks were taken with the filming; perhaps its because i've not long re-read the book but it seemed pretty obvious to me who the murderer was from their appearance in some reveal shots quite early on. humour was much more prevalent in these early poirots. sometimes it works but i found a lot of it rather heavy handed in this episode (though i did smile at the 'lemon sole' throwaway line). altogether though, a solid entry in the series though not one of the best.
as a kid i remember being nine or ten and loving this movie. it was the all round bollywood action/comedy movie. it is a imitation of bad boys obviously! the whole swapping identities but the arrival of two other twins throws everything out of the window and then the arrival of colourful villains who dance and sing! the action scenes in the film aren't revolutionary but still amazing scenes. the film is genuinely very funny and was the great comeback amitabh bachan needed. govinda is a gem like always and this is probably his best work to date, he shines as the side kick nd delivers the best comedy scenes available in indian cinema. the songs....the songs are both funny and catchy..............proving laughs when you least expect it...amitabh bachan surprisingly is very funny and will make you laugh as 'bade miah'....his accent...body language..... brilliant... 'assi chutki naab re daal' is the best song..............hilarious.
this movie captures the absurd essence of an overbearing american patriot actor -- one that believes his work (and politics) are as crucial to the american people as the opinions of the president himself. alan bates captures this mindset perfectly as michael baytes, and i will immortally remember bates as this character. this is a movie for canadians and americans alike. it is a valuable piece of cinema, that which is able to take its audience through the magic of making a film and reveal just how easy it is for the producer and director to lose complete control to the will of the actors and innumerable outside forces. wonderfully, "hollywood north" does not suffer from the subject that it portrays: peter o'brian directs with precision and complete control, and commands both the serious 'behind-the-scenes' portion of the movie, and the movie-within-the-movie, "flight to bogota" with clarity and insight. if you are at all interested in the wit and strength of canadian cinema, "hollywood north" is a great place to start.
almost the entire film takes place in a public bathhouse in china. there are no fancy sets, explosion or glamorous people--only fine writing, acting and direction (hollywood, take note!). an estranged son returns home when he believes his father is dying. he is surprised to see that dad looks fine and is going about running the family business as usual. in fact, he notices that his father and his retarded brother have really forged a close and caring relationship and it soon becomes obvious that he is out of the loop! dad is very traditional and this visiting son is from the big city and doesn't really see the value of the old bathhouse. how their relationship changes and where the plot goes from there is exceptional and believable. i was happy to see that not every chinese movie is an action picture (such as those starring jet li or crouching tiger, hidden dragon), as i don't particularly care for these frenetic films. the shower as well as springtime in a small town are two wonderful examples of good chinese films about people!
leonard maltin must've been watching some other movie. (though i find his guide to be quite a valuable resource, please disregard his comments on this one.) he states "starts off well then fizzles" when it's really the reverse - "starts off tepid then catches fire". the plot is about as simple as it gets. happy mom, happy dad and happy son take a vacation at an isolated beach, dad incapacitated in accident, mom runs off to get help, meets up with dangerous escaped convict. mom tries to trick convict into helping while dad waits and hangs on for dear life. good white-knuckler given an electric jolt by ralph meeker, appearing suddenly (the director, john sturges, films it in a clever way that will make you gasp) around halfway through as the cunning, desperate criminal. meeker is an unusually flippant, reckless actor (at least here and in the classic "kiss me deadly") and he happily snatches the keys to the film's narrative and speeds off with the top down. his character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying "pretty neat, huh?" when he's especially pleased with his misdeeds. there is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage, barbara stanwyck, "don't go away". she fires back "where would i go?" (they're in the middle of nowhere) and he realizes sitcom-ishly "yeah, that's right". the friction between them is a hoot. there are flaws, somewhat ridiculous ones. there's one scene where the police, who have been chasing after meeker for some time, stop stanwyck's car and to evade detection meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would, and pretends to be asleep as she's being questioned. a. he looks conspicuously un-masculine in this pose and b. i think it's safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion. still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.
the true measure of any fictional piece of work is whether or not the characters grow from their experiences and emerge from the experience altered in some significant way (note that this change need not be positive or beneficial) at the end. by that measure, enchanted april is a resounding success. as a film in general, it succeeds quite well-excellent ensemble cast, well-developed characters you come to care about, wonderful script and beautiful sets and locations. in short the film is, well, enchanting. although all the performances are first-rate, three must be mentioned-josie lawrence, jim broadbent and joan plowright. it says something when miranda richardson does her usual fine work and yet is overshadowed by so many others in the cast. most highly recommended, particularly if you are a romantic at heart. further deponent saith not.
in iran, the islamic revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. but people still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the world cup. except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game. a frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. the absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone adds up to quite a fine comment on humanity versus the ideology. amateurish acting, good script and dialogue, a really enjoyable film. bend it like beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.
i have never been one to shy away from saying that most action films just plain do nothing for me. most times they are blatant vehicles to blow stuff up, show off sexy models, and throw any semblance of reality or intelligence out the window. with that said, the bourne series has been fantastic. doug liman ushered in a new take on action by using a more cinema verite style, showing the fights in full force and making our super spy someone we can relate to emotionally as well as humanly. this is not the sci-fi absurdity that was bond (before they did an overhaul in the style of this series no less). there was a lot to worry for when the bourne supremacy came out. with director paul greengrass taking over, what could have been a second-hand copy of the original ended up being an improvement in style and flair. the stakes were raised and the story was enhanced because of it. greengrass needs to be given a ton of credit for being able to keep up appearances with the latest installment, the bourne ultimatum. in what is an amazing conclusion to a top-notch trilogy, the action is brought to a new level and story and performance are never compromised. once again, bourne is brought into the minds of the cia by false pretenses. someone has leaked information about the treadstone upgrade called blackbriar and once bourne is located trying to converse with the newswriter who broke the story, he is assumed to be the mole. only pamela landy, she who was on the case to find him in supremacy, knows that he can't be the one. bourne's motive has always been to stay clear of the government and live his life in peace. it has been the cia who keeps bringing him back into the open to wreak havoc on them. what ends up transpiring is that bourne wants to know the source as well to finally find out the truth of who he is and what made him into a killer. the film, then, becomes a chase against time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the breach and tie off all loose ends, or if bourne can get his revenge on those who took his life from him. in what is probably the simplest storyline of the series, with only one chase lasting the entirety of the story, it has possibly the biggest cast of characters and turning over of loyalties to expose the corruption that has been behind the full story progression. this is not a detriment at all, however, as it allows for more fights and car chases that work in full context to the plot. admission to this film is worth it for the apartment fight, between bourne and the cia's second asset, alone. the chase jumping through windows in madrid is cool on its own, but when they finally meet up, we get a ten minute or so fight that is as invigorating to watch as any scene you'll see. also, rather than using a massive car chase as a climatic set piece like in the first two films, we instead get around three small scale road races, just as intense, but staggered enough to never bog the action down into monotony. after five years of waiting, we also find out the origin of our favorite operative with heart and feeling. by the end of the film we will find out what has been the cause of all the espionage and destruction that has taken place around him. no one could have done it better than matt damon. he has the physique and attitude to be believable in the action sequences, but also the range to pull off the moments of intelligence and cat and mouse correspondence with those against him. joan allen reprises her role with the same amount of dedication to her job, but also a bit more disenchantment for what is going on around her after how brian cox's character, from the first two films, took matters into his own hands. needing a role in that mold, we are given a nice turn from david strathairn. like cox, he is working at the top of the food chain and answers to no one when making a decision. with as much trying to cover up any connections to his bosses of the blackbriar program as he is trying to do his duty to his country, you can never quite gauge what he will be capable of doing. even the little guys do a wonderful job, like paddy considine as the reporter who starts the leak at the center of everything, albert finney as a man from bourne's past and possibly key to his origin, and edgar ramirez as one of the cia's operatives sent to take bourne out. ramirez is a nice addition to the role that has been successfully played by clive owen (identity), karl urban, and martin csokas (supremacy). he doesn't talk much, if at all, but he has the look and robotic efficiency down pat and hopefully will get more roles to show what he can do post a nice turn in domino. in the end, one has to applaud paul greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and bring this series to a conclusion that builds on the success of its predecessors rather than destroy them. his skill at the close-up hand-held look is astonishing and has the same kinetic energy as tony scott, but without quite the seizure-inducing cuts. rather than feel like over- production, his use of hand-held enhances the environment and puts you directly into the action. let's also credit cinematographer oliver wood, who shot all three bourne films. he was able to work with both directors and work his style into a nice harmony with them.
a hot-headed cop accidentally kills a murder suspect and then covers up the crime, but must deal with a guilty conscience while he tries to solve a murder case. andrews and tierney are reunited with director preminger in a film noir that is as effective as "laura," their earlier collaboration. andrews is perfectly cast as the earnest cop, a good guy caught up in unfortunate circumstances. the acting is fine all around, including malden as a tough police captain and tully as tierney's protective father. the screenplay by hecht, a great and prolific screenwriter, is taut and suspenseful, and preminger creates a great atmosphere.
i really have to disagree with guy-yardley-rees who (should he have watched the entire film) would have seen some absolutely stunning scottish scenery (some of the best ever shot in skye) and found a film with a difficult start come together into a really poignant whole. this is not a big budget film. rather it is a film that has a strong community feel. i can't say how much 'standard' films bore me - pushing out the same polished stuff again and again. seachd doesn't seem to be about that at all. it really seems to be trying to offer something more real and certainly more gaelic than any recent scottish film. ok, so the acting isn't in the style a blockbuster. that's because the actors are seemingly real people. i actually thought that the key roles of the boy and his grandfather were really convincing - and at times unusually beautiful. seachd really bears a second viewing, since there are many threads that become clearer second time around - that really do feed into the ending. overall, the combination of music and (at times) stunning visuals, plus a community approach to the acting and non-normal structure has turned seachd into quite a distinctive and memorable film. more of these please!
john waters most accessible film to date is one of his better ones, considering it cut down on all of the campiness and outright vulgarity which seem to litter most of his previous work. sure, the nudity and the sexual references are still there, at least it is presented in a fashion that cannot be deemed too foul or disgusting. due to some great casting choices, this film really brought out the silliness associated with modern art and the subjective nature of your modern artist. funny and somewhat lighthearted (if that is possible for waters), this is one of those films i would watch on a rainy day.
this series was a cut above the rest of the tv detective series of the day but somehow didn't find an audience. the idea of a blind detective may not be totally new but added so much to the story. and who could forget pax, the beautiful guide dog in the series! whilst the stories themselves may have been no better than the average series, the settings , in new orleans, the acting and the music (i note the comment about the music score in other comments ...i remember that clearly) all work to make a good television series even better! well you never know ...one day paramount might just dig into its archives and release it on dvd!
finally!!!!!!!!!!! i've been waiting for this film to come out for almost a year, and finally saw it at the premiere in sb. i met a few of the actors, who were really nice and who were great in the movie. i watched the trailer so many times that i didn't know what to expect but got totally sucked in. the film was really beautiful to look at it and the music was good too. i recommend it to anyone who's a ryan donowho fan, and dominique swain was good in it too. the other actors were good also great. i hope it comes out on dvd soon!!!!! i first got into ryan from watching the oc and then saw him in a bunch of good indies like imaginary heroes. he is great in this film, and everything that he does that's indie. i also like dominique but haven't seen her in as much. hope to see them both in more soon!!!
first off, i didn't know what to expect when i started the video. anytime someone brings back a cult type movie genre and adapts it into the present, something gets inexplicably lost in the translation. that's not the case here. this movie just starts off on the right track. it's part familiar territory but manages to take it over the top as well. crockzilla scene anyone? that has to be seen, and just try and keep a straight face. this movie takes some of the old fun cult movie classics and manages to blend it seamlessly into a modern production. it's good to see someone is filling the need in this market. very well done.
i'd never seen an independent movie and i was really impressed by the writing, acting and cinematography of jake's closet. the emotions were very real and intense showing, through a child's eyes, the harsh impact of divorce. a definite see! i'd never seen an independent movie and i was really impressed by the writing, acting and cinematography of jake's closet. the emotions were very real and intense showing, through a child's eyes, the harsh impact of divorce. a definite see!
back to the roots with "like it is in heaven" - what are the real values of life? these swedes carve out a message that appeals to every heart. we've seen it twice now in a cinema packed to the last seat: love pure and joy within the music of a choir that's simple, yet full of power once everyone finds his or her inner tone. from the glitter of fame to the school of of his youth, now empty and ready to be adapted as his new home after collapsing on stage, daniel wants to start listening and is drawn into the lives of the simple, warm and rough people of the north. he wins the hearts with music and gains the capacity to love and be loved unconditionally. don't go see it if you've been normed to hollywood. this stuff contains no extras, just your laughter, your compassion, your tears!
as a community theater actor who works hard at it but doesn't take acting too seriously, i'm always amused by those who treat it as great art. this movie skewers the "actor's craft" mercilessly while dishing up a lot of good laughs. a ham actor on location for a movie bears a resemblance to the dictator. when the dictator dies of a heart attack from too much drink and food, the actor is kidnapped and forced to play "the part of a lifetime" by the neo-nazi head of the secret service. he plays it to the hilt, gets the dictator's girlfriend to fall in love with him and vice versa, and turns the tables on his captors beautifully. lots of great shtick by the leads, lots of good work by some unknown supporting actors, particularly the household staff and two members of the palace guard, and fun little cameos abound. sammy davis jr. makes light of himself, jonathan winters plays a semi-retired american businessman with something else going on, and raul julia, sonia braga, and above all richard dreyfuss are exceptional. this is a dumb movie, but it has lots of beautiful locations (in brazil), a humorous script, and good actors doing their thing and looking like they're actually having fun and not going through the usual existential angst about what is only play-acting!
the cast was good, and i thought it was a good performance from christopher lloyd, whom i like from previous movies. the movie was a great family movie, nothing that would make you worry to show it to younger kids, a good story line, lots of laughs, lighthearted and enjoyable. if you want to entertain children without being bored to tears this fits the bill. kid pleasing, and not difficult for a parent to watch, either.
robert duvall is a direct descendent of confederate general robert e. lee, according the imdb.com movie database. after seeing this film, you may think duvall's appearance is reincarnation at it's best. one of my most favorite films. i wish the composer, peter rodgers melnick had a cd or there was a soundtrack available. wonderful scenery and music and "all too-true-to-life," especially for those of us that live in, or have moved to, the south. this is a "real moment in time." life moves on, slowly, but "strangers we do not remain."
one of the best records of israel's response to the murder of rabin.extremely true and natural, it captured the spirit of the nation.especially important was the response of young people to the trauma of israel's loss and the feeling that we shall overcome.
this film was just brilliant,casting,location scenery,story,direction,everyone's really suited the part they played,and you could just imagine being there,robert redford's is an amazing actor and now the same being director,norman's father came from the same scottish island as myself,so i loved the fact there was a real connection with this film,the witty remarks throughout the film were great,it was just brilliant,so much that i bought the film as soon as it was released for retail and would recommend it to everyone to watch,and the fly-fishing was amazing,really cried at the end it was so sad,and you know what they say if you cry at a film it must have been good,and this definitely was, also congratulations to the two little boy's that played the part's of norman and paul they were just brilliant,children are often left out of the praising list i think, because the stars that play them all grown up are such a big profile for the whole film,but these children are amazing and should be praised for what they have done, don't you think? the whole story was so lovely because it was true and was someone's life after all that was shared with us all.
a unique film...one of the best of all time. acting, script, quincy jones' score, cinematography, editing, etc. -- just fantastic. as most viewers know, this movie is based on truman capote's book about the famous murder of a kansas farm family (the clutters) by a couple of young guys during a misguided robbery. i've never seen a movie that so brilliantly turned a true story into a riveting film. the actors are solid across the board, but the focus is on the killers, dick and perry, and the law enforcement team pursuing them. scott wilson, as dick hickock is amazing. cocky, twitchy, and devoid of compassion he comes across so charming, oily and plausible. robert blake as perry smith is extraordinary as well -- lonely, and at once empathetic and cold-blooded. who could fold these characteristics into one individual and make us buy it? he does, and it's brilliant! a key point of the book is how it took the intersection of these two very differently sociopathic individuals to create the critical mass to commit such a stupid and heinous crime, and these two actors make it work beautifully. both had moments in their subsequent careers, but these performances are high water marks, and that stands for acting period. the cops are wonderful too. leading the investigation is john forsythe, but the other three detectives are great as well. unlike contemporary movies where producers feel it necessary to endow police with superhuman assets or foibles, these are just genuine flatfeet, working the case with determination and competence. they seem so real. i've never seen cops on the screen so powerful in their authenticity; and i've seen most of the crime classics going way back. really one of a kind in this respect. partial spoiler coming (this movie's unique in that you already know what's happened, but i'm warning for the record). of course, the best scenes from the best crime shows and movies are the interrogations -- the intellectual fencing matches between the cops and the crooks, mano a mano. this movie has hands down the best interrogation scenes you'll ever see on film. watch dick and perry try to bluff their way through and slowly unravel, unaware the cops have the goods on them. but the cops need to deftly prep their suspects to fracture their alibis and hopefully elicit confessions. this is some of the best acting you'll ever see. think glengarry glen ross without the showboating. to help translate the sad and horrific angles of this true story, icb was filmed at the actual clutter house, and i've heard the clutters were played by film students to give them a genuine feel. it works. these seem like decent, simple folk. it makes the crime so palpable and sad. i'll stop here. it's not a feel-good movie, but it is one of the best movies ever made, and so unique, it's mandatory viewing for every film buff.
family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about. love can hold the members together through out the ordeals and trials and that is what this movie is about. one man, daddy, has the maturity and fortitude to sustain the family in the face of adversity. the kids grow up,one all be it, in the hard way, to realize that no matter how old they or a parent is, the parent still loves their children and are willing to provide them a cushion when they fall. all the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances. yes, i shed a tear along the way knowing i had had similar experiences both as a young adult and later as a parent. this true to life is one which every young adult, and parent, would do well to see, although some will not realize it until they too are parents. a must see for those who care about their families.
a frolics of youth short subject. a teenager, embarrassed by his fear of dogs, runs away from home. the abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind. pardon my pups is an enjoyable little film, with shirley temple stealing all her scenes as the hero's lively kid sister. the opening gag - dealing with bedwetting - is in poor taste, but is quickly forgotten. highlight: the climactic fisticuffs, which look impressively realistic. often overlooked or neglected today, the one and two-reel short subjects were useful to the studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents, both in front & behind the camera. the dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film, something akin to writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel. economical to produce in terms of both budget & schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material, short subjects were the perfect complement to the studios' feature films.
kenneth branagh shows off his excellent skill in both acting and writing in this deep and thought provoking interpretation of shakespeare's most classic and well-written tragedy. kenneth plays the role of hamlet with such a distinct emotion that provokes tears. kate winslet's performance is also of great note.
i loved dedee pfeiffer (is that spelled right?) in cybil. haven't seen her for awhile and forgot how much i missed her. i thought she did a great job in this. the supporting cast was pretty good too. in some angles, the daughter even looked like a young nicole kidman. the abductor was pretty creepy and the story generally had some good twists. the young boyfriend was a hottie. i thought the husband definitely had something to do with it for sure. just got the lifetime movie network for christmas and am loving these movies. kept my interest and i'll watch it again when they rerun it. can anyone else recommend any similar movies to this? you can post on the board or send me a private email if you want. thanks in advance. aboutagirly.
several features of this film immediately date it. the sound is rather shrill and one realizes what great strides have been accomplished in sound reproduction in the ensuing years. the language of the dialogue is rather quaint and unnatural and the acting is still reminiscent of its transition from the stage techniques. bette davis always gives a strong performance in all her films as she does in this early period of her very successful career. i do feel however that somehow the cockney accent does not fit the facial expression. i think it is the assumed cockney accent that does not ring true for me. somerset maughan loves to delve into human relationships of great dramatic intensity which will please all movie-goers. as in so many of her character roles, bette davis can switch from a beautiful seductive woman to a viper full of fiery hatred. leslie howard is well cast as the withdrawn english artist with a club foot desperately seeking a partner and making a bad choice in a scheming little waitress. towards the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street. they cross through the traffic completely oblivious to a multitude of horns and whistles screaming at them. this scene is possibly meant to be funny, but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film. it is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face. and after all as far as we can see (and hope for) it is a happy ending.
the often misunderstood zabriskie point is antonioni's political film, antonioni's american film. stylistically, it follows suit after "blow-up", meaning that the pace is faster than the previous epics, though certainly no less idiosyncratic. basically the common mistake is that the film glorifies the hippie generation. not so. the two protagonists come from vastly different environments. mark from the "rebel" youths, daria from an estate agency corporation. but in true antonioni fashion, they are both alienated, both trying to escape their surroundings. mark leaves a meeting of rebel students and black panthers disappointed with the verbose empty rhetoric, while daria keeps uneasily being on the move with her car. antionioni, the master director, after portraying the rebelling youth as confused and shallow, then moves to the city. an environment saturated by corporatism, billboard advertisements, meaninglessness, that has to keep expanding to accommodate the similar expansion of the population, generating a profit at the same time. it is this environment that the two protagonists escape from, though it seems mostly out of coincidence. indeed, when daria stops by a small village in the outskirts of the desert, the environment is just as suffocating, and the people just as lost cases, best exemplified by an old boxing champion, now reduced to a shadow of himself, sitting around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense. a stunning melancholy sequence, made even more powerful with the inclusion of some half wild children living around, brought in by some "benefactor" but "destroying a genuine piece of american history". in a not-so-obscure symbolism, there is antonioni's opinion on the hippies. just a half-positive glimpse in the canvas of human alienation. and then there is the desert, the landscape used to devastating effect, by turns pure and terrifying, primeval, wild and dead. the sequence where the two protagonists make love, "joined" in fantasy by the "flower" generation reflects the similar sequence in "red desert", where giuliana tells her son a story. it is a colourful intermission in a colourless landscape. a vivid half-fantasy in a suffocating reality. the ending probably belongs to the pantheon of great endings in cinema, the western civilization blown to pieces. a catharsis, an exorcism. antionioni's two "international" films (the british "blow-up" and the american "zabriskie point") are lesser efforts than the previous masterpieces, but that is largely because of the faster pace and the inevitably contrived settings (swinging london, flower-power america). but when it comes down to it, it's clear he hasn't lost the edge.
a movie you start watching as a late night cable porn..... it is hot in that department but it has even a lot more.... it has a sense of humor... some action in and out of the "bed" and it has reasonable acting as well as a story worth watching...a definite adult only movie but well worth watching...
i chose to see the this film on the day it opened nationally in france, as a personal way for myself to reflect on what had happened a year previous; the collection works as intended: it provokes a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, working as an intellectual hommage, never stooping to cheap sentimentality nor knee-jerk reactionism. there have been many allegations made that the film is anti-american: while i cannot speak for everyone in this regard, i am one american who found such statements to be completely untrue. people make much noise about the egyptian segment, by chahine, because it voices perspectives of palestinian suicide bombers asserting that civilians in a democracy are "fair targets" for they elect the governments the bombers are seeking to attack, but this ignores much else in the piece: several perspectives are discussed, no one being held up as the truth, and critics--if they even saw the piece--seem to forget the fondness and warm dialogue that takes place between the director and the ghost of the american dialogue, and the director's intense sadness upon hearing of the tragedy. pretty much all of the films are beautiful, thoughtful & inspiring, in particular the brilliant work by mahkmalbaf, tanovic, loach & inarritu. nair, good as usual, effectively tells a true story of an injustice committed against a muslim family in the wake of anti-islam hysteria that swept--and still sweeps--the states. i did find gitai's piece a bit vulgarly loud and simple in it's critic of media hysteria in the face of terrorism, and penn's piece was too impressionistic and elliptical for my tastes, though i had expected to like it. borgnine is very good and brave in it. spoiler warning: one reviewer below incorrectly read the falling of the towers as being a happy moment for the character; my read is rather that the falling of the towers is what, because light floods his room, keys him into the loss in his life that he refused to recognize. again this is a sort of impressionistic piece, for we know that if the towers were really blocking the light to this man's flat, then there would have been nothing but smoke and ash, not light, flooding through his window.
this movie is to halloween what the hilarious "christmas story" is to christmas: both are relatively low-budget, no-big-name-stars type films...and both are two of the absolute greatest and funniest movies available, both seasonal classics!!! "spaced invaders" comes galloping out right from the start with warmth and humor and a superb cast of characters...all five goofy martians, klembecker the realtor, russell the deputy, vern at the "fuel dispensing depot" and so many more! you just have to see this movie to believe it, and, like "christmas story", it just keeps getting better and better with each viewing, and you pick up on fun little things each time!! most definitely a ten!!!
perhaps the funniest 'backstage at hollywood' movie ever, especially for a look at comedy short factories like keystone. marion davies should get a medal for bravery for taking a part where acting poorly in front of a camera is part of the role. plenty of cameos for film buffs.
now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. if you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? anyhow, i borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately. this movie is chock full of wonderful gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience! if you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, watch this great flick!
lovely piece of good cinema. this is one of those films that you see smiling and you do not know why. well, one of the reasons could be that we are before one of the most surprising directors today, and he is able to film emotions. when you are watching the film you can feel what mr. straight was feeling when he took the decision to go to visit his brother with his "marvellous" john deere. what changed in his mind?, what changed in your mind when you watched this film? a beautiful fraternal love story.
i really enjoyed this movie. the acting by the adult actors was great, although i did find the main kid a little stiff. but he carried himself very well for being a new talent. the humor is very sublime and not in your face like most hollywood comedy junk. i.e. the nutty professor. if you have a short attention span and are used to the typical hollywood stuff you probably wouldn't like this as it is a bit slower paced. i picked it up on blu-ray and i have to say the image quality is top notch. probably one of the better looking blu-rays i've seen so far. the extras were cool too. they deleted quite a bit, but that's probably a good thing as most of the deleted scenes didn't really add anything.
this video rocked! eddie is one of the funniest comics i have ever seen. not only does he have class, he makes some of the funniest observations on history and culture that i have ever seen. eddie is the most original and most intelligent comic i've seen in a very long time. tell all those other stand-ups to get off the stage and let this "executive" reign!
one of my favorite movies which has been overlooked by too many movie goers, an observation which mystifies me. not only directed by the acclaimed ang lee,it had many young actors who were to become major stars, e.g., tobey maguire (before spiderman), skeet ulrich (before jericho), jonathan rhys meyers (before tudors), james caviezel, simon baker, mark ruffalo, jeffrey wright, tom wilkinson, and jewel. all of the acting was superb and each of the actors mentioned gave memorable performances, especially meyers who portrayed an evil villain who killed for the sake of killing. when the biographies and accomplishments of the director ( even when he won an academy award) and the actors are listed, this film is usually omitted from their past performances. i discovered the film on dvd by accident and it became one of my most often watched films. however, it is seldom every seen on cable. i look forward to reading what others suggest are the reasons this film is not well known.
before sunrise is romance for the slacker generation. richard linklater's romantic drama is an offbeat telling of a dream come true for most people. the film depicts romance in all it's glory, but without any of the pitfalls that befall most couples; and in short the film is about two people that have a relationship that's as close to perfection as relationships will ever come to - with just one problem, the problem of time. while most relationships wind down with time, this one keeps going strong throughout and time itself is the only thing that wears out. before sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental 'hollywood romance', which is another aspect that puts this film leagues ahead of the pretenders. the story follows two people, jesse; an american and celine; a french girl that meet on a train into vienna. they instantly connect, and after telling her his awful idea for a television show and almost getting off the train, jesse asks celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of vienna... before sunrise works principally for two reasons - realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we do the people in real life. this allows the characters to be free, and it's easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors working from a script. this also allows us to feel for the characters for who they are, and not merely because they're the protagonists. this kind of realism is hard to capture as, at the end of the day, we as the audience know that they're watching a film and not observing real life; but before sunrise represents one of the truest to life exhibitions of realism ever to be seen on screen. a truly great script cannot work on it's own, and needs great actors to deliver it to an extent that does it justice, and although i'm not a fan of either julie deply or ethan hawke; on viewing this film, there is nothing you can do but give them both respect. i don't know whether they were in character or just playing themselves, but when a film is this good; it hardly matters. in a film like this, it is the writing that's the most important thing, and contained within the script are several observations about life, most of which i personally could relate to. this represents what richard linklater has achieved with this script as not only does it create and build the characters, but it also manages to expose what true love is, along with several other aspects of life. the fact that not all the anecdotes are relatable to me personally again represents the brilliance of writing. everyone is different, and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. there could be certain aspects about one person that one person loves and another hates; and that's the case with the musings in this script. adding to the beauty of the film is the city of vienna. the city itself isn't really important to the film as this is a story that could have taken place just about anywhere - but it makes for some lovely visuals and the upbeat, energetic romance that blossoms throughout the movie is matched by the beauty of the location. before sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating. richard linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life without ever going over the top or being overly sentimental. before sunrise is what it is. and what it is, is pure cinematic brilliance.
early hollywood at it's best!! a classic kipling poem is transformed into an epic adventure featuring memorable performances by a stellar cast. i think the measure of a good film is how many times you can watch it and still genuinely enjoy it. i've seen it a dozen times and still cry at the end and, admit it, you do too!!
i was watching this movie at one of my usual time, which is real real late at night. usually if a movie doesn't interest me, i start falling asleep and have to raid the fridge to stay awake. at first i thought that's what i had to do since this movie's pacing started off slow, along with the fact that its shots tended to linger with the character for a long time. but after a bit, i start getting more into the movie, as more is revealed about the main character through his story telling. by the end, you feel like you've known him your whole life. the movie kept my interest so much that i didn't even know the sun was about to rise. not much of lynch's bizzare style, but there is enough of quirky characters to make the film amusing.
this movie kept me constantly entertained. in comparing this to serial mom, mr. waters has gone back to his grittier side. this is not nearly as polished. there is a dark side here. a message about how success and fame changes a person -- but more importantly how it changes the people around you. there is not a false moment in this film. the characters are somewhat cartoonish... but i want to believe that is what mr. waters is trying to achieve. it is fascinating to watch how mr. waters has evolved... this is truly his finest work.
it may have not been up for academy awards and admittedly, it's pretty cheesy, but it's just so much fun! nothing makes me smile like bill and ted. lovable, optimistic, and hilarious, bill and ted are a great way to unwind. although i love excellent adventure, bogus journey is funnier to me. death is flippin hilarious and bill and ted are even more endearing. people give me grief about loving this movie, but only really pretentious movie-watchers will say it's not even a bit entertaining. if you like this, you'll probably also be a fan of wayne's world, dude where's my car, and dumb and dumber. admit it, though foolish, they make you grin and turn your tickle box over. so watch them just for kicks and giggles!!
wow! so much fun! probably a bit much for normal american kids, and really it's a stretch to call this a kid's film, this movie reminded me a quite a bit of time bandits - very terry gilliam all the way through. while the overall narrative is pretty much straight forward, miike still throws in a lot of surreal and bunuel-esquire moments. the whole first act violently juxtaposes from scene to scene the normal family life of the main kid/hero, with the spirit world and the evil than is ensuing therein. and while the ending does have a bit of an ambiguous aspect that are common of miike's work, the layers of meaning and metaphor, particularly the anti-war / anti-revenge message of human folly, is pretty damn poignant. as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike films, only instead of over the top torture and gore, he gives us an endless amount of monsters and yokai from japanese folk-lore creatively conceived via cg and puppetry wrapped into an imaginative multi-faceted adventure. f'n rad, and one of miike's best!
this comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail. there have been many films of this genre with more notable actors attempting to achieve this elusive mixture which haven't come anywhere near the depth and deftness of this one. this is surely because the exceptional cast with outstanding performances by reg rogers and ally sheedy seem so spontaneous that the reality of their characters rapidly grip your interest and emotions and hold them throughout the film. at first, the action seems rather off-the-wall and harebrained but one gradually learns that these two rather pathetic damaged people are desperately and unwillingly trying to heal themselves, even if grudgingly, through each other. rogers' heartrending facial expressions of numb hurt and sheedy's angry outbursts are so eloquent that one feels them as one observes them. you will care about these two likable but deeply suffering people and hope that they will succeed because it's in doubt and all hangs on a tenuous emotional thread. hopefully audiences will get to see more of reg rogers and ally sheedy as this film proves their merit as very accomplished actors beyond doubt.
the matador is better upon reflection because at the time one is watching it, it seems so light. the humor is always medium-gauge, never unfunny but never gut-busting. the story is a very simple thread. the characteristics of the plot are often recycled features, namely the unscrupulous bad guy in need of a pal and the straight-laced glass-wearing good guy in need of security in life team up and learn from each other and somehow complement each other's lifestyles. i also find the bullfighting parallel to the story unnecessary, as it is a simply cruel thing and the symbolism is hardly potent enough to carry itself. however, it really is a good film, because though it seemed so thin and unaffecting at the time, it wasn't. it has a subtle way of connecting with the audience. i believe the reason it slowly but surely gives the audience something to take with them is because though it's a formula that is nothing new, even most of the humor, both main characters, virtually the only characters in it, are somehow met and gotten to know. forget calling them real. that's not at all what i mean. what i mean is that though pierce brosnan's filthy, womanizing, boozing hit man is a detached comical character, he's grasped firmly by the writer and definitely by brosnan, who is aggressively communicating how much he enjoys his breath of fresh james bondless air. greg kinnear's character seems quite the same in his detached scriptedness, but he's given certain very unexpected footnotes that for a moment due to the film's lightfootedness pass us by but then hit us only a moment later. we then realize the film is not simply analyze this or planes, trains and automobiles told stalely over again. its truly saying something. the film's climax is of a sort that wants to partially be a thriller with twists. but with its lightness, how can that possibly be the focus of the film, though the plot has been leading up to it? no, the focus is what brosnan and kinnear get out of their unlikely relationship to each other. strangely, the matador is a film about regret and loneliness. brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and though we don't understand why kinnear is so lenient and accepting with brosnan continually interrupting his life, it's slowly understood that brosnan is salvaging kinnear from a more down-to-earth version of his own feelings as a means of redemption. the very last scene of the movie stays with me. it, i think, is where the film's subtle side-stepping impact finally begins to seep.
the legendary boris karloff ended his illustrious career by making four cheapie fright flick clunkers in mexico. this is the token moody period gothic horror entry from the bunch. karloff gives a typically spry and dignified performance as matthias morteval, an elderly eccentric patriarch who invites several of his petty, greedy and backbiting no-count relatives to his creepy rundown castle for the reading of a will. pretty soon the hateful guests are getting bumped off by lethal life-sized toy people who populate the place. onetime mexican sex symbol andres garcia of "tintorera" infamy portrays the dashing police officer hero and julissa looks absolutely ravishing as the sole likable female character. the clunky, plodding (non)direction, trite by-the-numbers script, ugly, washed-out cinematography, ridiculous murder set pieces (a gross fat slob gets blasted right in the face by a miniature cannon!), overwrought string score, morbid gloom-doom atmosphere, largely lousy acting (karloff notably excepted), cheesy mild gore, poor dubbing and rousing fiery conclusion all lend this enjoyably awful lemon a certain endearingly cruddy and hence oddly amusing ratty charm. a real campy hoot.
it appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. it's also a gorgeous production with some great songs and fine performances, especially by our angel. jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are hilarious, and her jitterbug with binnie barnes is a surprise and a delight. at one point, she gets to sing a snippet from carmen, followed by the final trio of faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then "aloha oe" on the beach! it's a surreal comedy--tremendously entertaining if you can get into the groove.
this has to be one of the most beautiful, moving, thought provoking films around. it's good family entertainment and at the same time makes you think very hard about the issues involved. every time i see the "ghost of zac riding the bike through the puddle at the end i can't help but cry my eyes out. john thaw's performance is so touching and it is a shame he is no longer with us. gone but not forgotten. a outstanding film. full marks.
what can i say. oh yeah those freaking fingers are so weird. they scare the heck out of me. but it is such a funny film, jim carrey works the grinch. if you havent already seen it then what you waiting for an invitation. go, go and get watch it. you dont know what your missing.
possibly the best movie ever created in the history of jeffrey combs career, and one that should be looked upon by all talent in hollywood for his versatility, charisma, and uniqueness he brings through his characters and his knowledge of acting.
let me first state that while i have viewed every episode of startrek at least twice, i do not consider myself a trekker or trekkie. those are people who live in their parents basement and attend conventions wearing costumes with pointed rubber ears. i gave this movie a seven casting aside the fiction historical errors. the acting was better than average, but the plot held no surprises. they tried very hard to reverse engineer the technology but still the special effects were just to great a temptation. now as to the historical errors, if you call them that, the first capitan to pilot the enterprise was commander april, then capt. pike, jim kirk, etc.. according to a statement made by both riker and kirk we dicovered the klingons and educated them and gave them the technology (that's the reason a prime directive was created) but like i said these are no reason to discredit this fine series. i hope the plots will get deeper, and then special effects can take a backseat.
mother night is one of my favorite novels and going to see this i was expecting a huge disappointment. instead i got a film that perfectly portrays the irony, humor, elequence, and above all else the crushing sadness of vonnegut's novel. this is certainly nolte's best preformance to date. he captures the defeat and selfloathing of howard cambell jr. consistently from the subtle intonations of his speech to the held back tears behind his eyes. alan arkin is absolutly hilarious as george kraft. sherryl lee is haunting in her detachment from reality as cambell's young lover. john goodman is understated and more than effective as cambell's "blue fairy godmother." this pinnocioesque story of cambell trying to be his own ideal hero and unwittingly becoming his ideal tragic villian is a mature and vivid look into what we are as people. and aside from that, it is one of the most deeply romantic films i have ever come across. cambell is the incarnation of both foolish and wise love. and at the films sastifyingly painful conclusion, he finally learns what it means to be a real boy as his blue fairy godmother grants him his wish. and he realizes that...well, watch the movie and you'll see. mother night is without a doubt in my mind one of the best films ever made. it is a beautiful poetic story that digs deep within our emotions and is completely faithful to its original author.
another example of the unique talents of cary grant. a performance worthy of oscar consideration, yet once again shunned by the academy. mr. grant runs the gamut from silly to tender in this marvelous comedy about a man who decides to move out of the big city. the pitfalls of building a home are well chronicled and became the basis (loosely) for the more modern tom hanks vehicle, "the money pit". if you like good old fashioned comedy without the cursing and the gratuitous sex, this movie is a must see.
this is the story of australian commandos who are captured out of uniform after a raid. since they are out of uniform, they are, justly, treated as spies. as such, they are tried, convicted, and sentenced to death. the japanese court-martial, out of admiration for their heroism, authorizes that they be given a warrior's death. of course, under the code of bushido, this means that they are to be beheaded. a fate for which, as westerners, they are unprepared.
the feel of this movie was amazing. adam sandler's performance was very inspiring. as he played a very rattled and fragile character, he took his ability to the very edge and really worked the role. his character was really interesting. i can see myself reading the script for this movie and not being half as interested in the part as sandler made me. for someone who plays primarily comedy roles, he pulled off a serious role with what seemed to be his own quirks and input. i especially loved the scene in which adam and don's characters rode the motorized scooter around the city. i familiarized with the moment, because it seemed like don was witnessing one thing adam does to get away from it all. with his video games, music, and many other things he does to keep him from thinking about the past, riding his scooter with his headphones on seemed like an escape from his thoughts. this movie is definitely worth the watch.
i grew up watching this movie ,and i still love it just as much today as when i was a kid. don't listen to the critic reviews. they are not accurate on this film.eddie murphy really shines in his roll.you can sit down with your whole family and everybody will enjoy it.i recommend this movie to everybody to see. it is a comedy with a touch of fantasy.with demons ,dragons,and a little bald kid with god like powers.this movie takes you from l.a. to tibet , of into the amazing view of the wondrous temples of the mountains in tibet.just a beautiful view! so go do your self a favor and snatch this one up! you wont regret it!
let us begin by saying that this film's english title "the power of kangwon province" is an absolute misnomer.it is because in hong sang soo's film,there are no actual shots of wars,troubles and conflicts.so the idea of establishing power of a province is neither suitable nor valid in the context of this film.if we were to judge this film by its korean language title,"kangwon-do ui him" is going to appear as a cryptic statement about emotional turmoils of its young protagonists whose minds are not at rest.hong sang soo has also directed a highly prolific visual document about erratic choices made by people in their lives.the people in question are a couple of young girls who are constantly in the process of displaying their moods,whims and fancies. if making a film out of nothingness can be claimed as a film maker's meritorious virtue then hong sang soo has to be saluted as a courageous film maker whose films speak volumes about ubiquitous nothingness of human relationships,sentiments and lives.whether one likes it or not,this is the only fair conclusion that be deduced from this particular film.
tripping over. i must say at first i was a little disappointed in the first few episodes, but having faith in the show, and abe forsythe's unquestionable talent, i continued to watch. i can safely say i'm now glad that i did. the story did develop quite well, and all the characters have a strong base, and most don't have any information missing. the only thing i can fault in this production is the somewhat annoying voice and pronunciation possessed by the character lizzie. some good acting coupled with a stellar plot really gets this show over the line. here's to hoping for another season!
the unflappable william powell. he is a joy to watch on the screen as he makes his way through situations without a care in the world. he always seems on top of his game and shows little care for anyone who doubts him. the murders are projects, barely human beings. i have noticed this is a staple of the whodunnit. other than an occasional weeping widow, the victims fulfill the function of being the reason the movie exists. nothing more. there are enough twists and turns to keep things interesting along the way and powell is a master at this. there is a lot of political incorrectness, especially as it relates to the asian performers. this is a little hard to take. the cast is great, and curtiz's direction is also a consistent asset.
i watched the pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is "original." it is a word not used much in tv as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap. the first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of jim dale. those not familiar with the british "carry on ..." series or those who have not listened to a harry potter book, may not be familiar with dale. i am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts. i will have to tune in more, but it does give the show a "harry potter" atmosphere. maybe that's a good thing. lee pace (infamous, the white countess) has a gift. it never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. he teams with chi mcbride ("boston public," roll bounce) to solve murders using this talent. everything is fine and funny until he comes across a childhood love, anna friel (goal! the dream begins, timeline) and things really get complicated. he can't send her back and he can never touch her. boy, would that make a relationship difficult. i will be tuning in to see where this series goes in the expectation that it will continue to entertain.
elmer fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book, his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace. all is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by. (the flea is dressed in a farmer's-type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name "a. flea" on it.) he gets out his telescope and spots the dog. (we see a big shot of the dog's butt and the flea whistles in excitement, screaming "t- bone!" he then sings, "there's food around the corner; there's food around the corner!") that sets up the storyline of this cute-but-obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog. the mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea. the drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog's dialog made me laugh out loud a few times. this might be the funniest canine i have ever seen in a cartoon! the poor pooch, under a threat of having to take a bath, as to not react when the stupid flea causes him pain. it's almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes, jackhammers and the like on the dog. he puts firecrackers in the dog's behind. it's brutal!
being the first feature film with robert de niro (although not released for years later), this is worth the watch. de niro's role isn't huge, yet amusing as one of two friends who first try to prevent another friends marriage only to later chase him down to force him into it. any die hard de niro fan will get a kick out of an early performance by arguably the best actor today.
when i was a kid i watched this many times over, and i remember whistling the "happy cat" song quite often. all the songs are great, and actually memorable, unlike many children's musicals, where the songs are just stuck in for no real reason. the scenes and costumes are lavish, and the acting is very well-done, which isn't surprising, considering the cast. christopher walken is very catlike, and doesn't need stupid make-up, or a cat costume for the viewer to believe he's a cat transformed to a human. and jason connery's so cute, as the shy and awkward miller's son, corin, who falls in love with beautiful and the bold princess vera. this is a really fun, enjoyable, feature-length movie, where unlike most fairytales, the characters are given personalities. some of my favourite parts are when puss makes corin pretend he's drowning; at the ball when everybody starts dancing a country dance, as it's "all the rage abroad"; when walken is in the kitchen, dancing on the table (he's a pretty good dancer, too!); and when vera tells corin all the things she used to do when she was young, like pretending she was a miller's daughter. i'd recommend this film to children and parents alike, who love magic and fairytales. and it actually is a movie you can watch together, as it won't drive adults up the wall.
an interesting animation about the fate of a giant tiger, a sloth, and a mammoth, who saved a baby, who was close to be killed by a group of tigers during the ice age. the morale of the film shows that good behavior with the others may bring benefits at the end. one of the tigers in the group got an order to finally capture the baby, who was hardly saved by his mother when the tigers attacked her community. the baby was then rescued by the sloth and the mammoth, but the tiger joined them with the objective of finally taken away the baby. they went through very troublesome paths with plenty of danger, and at once the tiger was to fall down and saved by the mammoth. at the end the group of tigers tried to capture the baby but the mammoth helped incredibly by his tiger colleague was able to overcome this attack and to give the baby back to his father and the community to which he belongs.
the italian is an astonishingly accomplished film for its time. stunningly shot, with lighting effects that are truly sublime, this is an early gem that clearly reveals reginald barker to be a pioneer director of equal standing to d.w. griffith and maurice tourneur. how much control thomas ince exerted over the production is hard to know, but this film still has extraordinary power. the simple story of an italian immigrant struggling to keep his family alive in new york, is very moving. the themes of social injustice, revenge and forgiveness are completely relevant today. the use of close-ups is outstanding and the powerhouse performance of george beban is electrifying. what we need now is a really good print transferred to dvd so we can truly appreciate this early masterpiece of cinema.
there is no denying that ealing comedies are good, but for me this film stands out as one of the best. the basic premise of the film is that a small part of pimlico in london is discovered to be part of burgundy, not the uk. we then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes, and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from uk law, rationing does not exist. when they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the boarder we see them fight back against the system. they are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right. in fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started, that's where the moral comes in. it's when they loose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender, only to have the whole of london respond to their plight by sending food, lot's of it. thus enabling them to continue their struggle. this film hit's the right note throughout, the acting is superb, with stanley holloway, margaret rutherford, hermione baddeley and betty warren standing out. it's pitched just right, not too sentimental and the moral of the story not forced down your throat. well worth a viewing
beautifully done. a lot of angst. friendship may not endure all, but in the end it's all that matters, or so a group of friends learn. i have watched it over and over again. the music is also amazing. when kei loses the one friend he has he gives up until he meets sho, an orphan boy who is not repelled by his true nature. in the lawless streets of mallepa they struggle for their own place among a melting pot of asian races, and learn that sometimes being on top can cost you more than you are ever ready to pay. a surprise ending that grips as much as the whole movie does. i couldn't get enough of it. gackt and hyde do a wonderful job of acting, proving they are more than pretty boys who sing.
a remarkable piece of documentary, giving a vivid depiction of a country deeply divided within itself (for further evidence, check out some of the comments on imdb...!). compares extremely favourably with oliver stone's "comandante" (which is mainly an in-depth examination of fidel castro's nostril hairs). i don't know whether chavez is everything he presents himself as being, or yet another in the long line of populist latin-american "caudillos". nor do i know whether he will be able to make good on the huge expectations he has clearly built up among the poor majority of venezuelans. it's hardly reasonable to expect a film like this to be able to answer such questions - but i've certainly now got a pretty vivid idea of what's at stake, and what it feels like to be caught up in the middle of a coup. someone says in the film "we're making history", and that's exactly what the film feels like it's capturing. outstanding stuff.
cinematography--compared to 'the wrestler,' a degree of verite and cinematic skill that disarms the viewer, and then hypnotizes as well. acting--the dialogue is minimal, but the pauses and silence poignant. story--the conflict in a 'balkanized' denmark is volatile, as we saw recently jihad murders in the netherlands and riots in france. while i harbor no love for islam, the departure from the west from christian values holds no cause for celebration. the director of this film managed to mirror the two societies in a way that belabored neither, emphasizing the development of aicha as an individual who became a champion, not so much in the ring, but to all those around her. even her worst . . . i will stop here to avoid the spoiler.
(there isn't much in the way of spoilers, since there isn't a plot to reveal, but still, i guess i describe some of what happens so...) this is it. this is the most nonsensical film i've ever seen. there are simply no words to describe this movie, although "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are pretty close. the opening half hour or so are really, really weird music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, apart from that mj falls into some from the previous. one of the highlights of this part of the "film" in the section where mj is flying a merry-go-round aeroplane through what seem to be half-arsed bond intro rejects and sections cut from yellow submarine (dear lord you could not make this up). then, with a little over an hour remaining, the "film" begins, with a lot of claymation (some of it really creepy) spotting our "hero" and chasing him looking for an autograph. obviously, this leaves our as of yet mute (discounting songs) lead somewhat worried, and he manages to temporarily lose them. fortunate for him, because it means he can witness a falling star and, and again, i'm not making this up, turn into a claymation rabbit. he uses this cunning disguise to try and sneak past them, but, for reasons i can't recall right now, they see through it (oh no!) and the creepy chase begins again. cue another song (big shock there). shortly after the end of the chase, mj somehow brings the rabbit to life, until he is busted by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is, apparently, illegal to dance there. the rest of the film is equally as strange, highlights including mj cleaning up a bar to the tune of smooth criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy, but burning his shadow into the wall, a la nuclear fission weapons. another good moment is when mj, seeing, mr big (joe "what the hell happened to his career at this point?" peschi) kidnap one of the children he was friends with, magically creates a tommy gun, and in another moment of violence that pepper this film seemingly at random, opens fire at everything that moves. a final moment i shall mention is when mj, surrounded by mr big and his private army. seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're decked out more like commando units rather than mobsters, which i guess they are. how does he get out? why, he turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. this is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always when backed into a corner and/or on the run. this film is quite, quite surreal, with little in the way of plot, and virtually no continuity.
when i first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my favorite movies. i'm a big fan of james earl jones and robert duvall. the movie paints an accurate picture of the south and the racist attitudes. most of the attitudes came from soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. soll is what makes the move, his funny ramblings give us insights in to the way the south was back then. i suppose that if soll lived today he would be diagnosed with alzheimer's disease. none the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is complex. while he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. the two convicts he trusts most are jackson(mel winkler) and ben(james earl jones). the conversations between ben and soll are the best in the movie, they have real chemistry. james earl jones and mel winkler both but in great performances as well as hass. this movie should have gotten more notoriety. however it's on dvd and worth the money. rayvyn
this is probably my favorite movie of all time. it is perfection in its storytelling. it will break your heart not because it's over sentimental but because you will truly feel every emotion these characters go through. you feel for doggie because of the hopeless situation that existed for young girls in china at that time.
'they all laughed' is a superb peter bogdanovich that is finally getting the recognition it deserves, and why? their are many reasons the fact that it's set in new york which truly sets the tone, the fantastic soundtrack, the appealing star turns from ben gazzara, and the late john ritter who is superb. and of course no classic is complete without audrey hepburn. the film is a light and breezy romantic comedy that is very much in the vein of screwball comedy from the thirties, film is essentially about the odyssey detective agency which is run by gazzara who with his fellow detectives pot smoking and roller skating eccentric blaine novak(the films co-producer) and john ritter, basically the gazzara falls for a rich tycoon magnate's wife(hepburn) and ritter falls for beautiful dorothy stratten who sadly murdered infamously after production, 'they all laughed is essential viewing for bogdanovich fans.
fascinating look at fascist italy and the people who carved out a life under mussolini. street scenes and lifestyle glimpses alone are worth watching. combine this with a masterful plot and premier acting and you get a film that you will want to watch again . .. and maybe again.
intriguing. exciting. dramatic. explosive. complex. epic. words that only touch the tip of the iceberg in terms of the grand story that is lost being told. from the acting down to the rare visual effects, lost is the essential show on television for fans of science-fiction, fantasy, action, adventure, and lots and lots of mystery. each cast member is so well chosen, and so good in their roles, that you either love them, or hate them, or downright wish them dead. the visual effects, when used (which is rare) are actually quite well done considering the usual production of shows. be it the "smoke monster", to the polar bears, lost is believable in terms of eye-candy. as far as story goes, nothing can compare to the vast complexity this show has made viewers like me endure. beginning to end, continuity is virtually perfect, characters are developed, and the ever-evolving story slowly gives the answers to its questions so many crave. overall, there is practically no flaw in lost. it does for dramatic/sci-fi television what arrested development did for comedy: it has set the bar. i highly recommend lost to those that are patient, intellectual, and love every moment of the ride, no matter how long it takes to reach the end. see this show.
i enjoyed this film very much. many korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. cinematography was average. the movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. editing, however, was very neat and unusual. the acting was also very good. kim ha neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the korean soap-opaeras. but this time, she plays a cute tomboy very well. kwon sang woo also plays his role very believable. what i like the most about this film is, the emotion of the characters are not too exaggerated. there are many korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and i always thought it was very stale. there was no such crap in this movie. very funny and well-done.
three scumbags get their just deserts after wasting their lives in greed, drugs, ego, and bad attitudes. interesting and well done; this style of film always makes me wonder where reality leaves off and imagination takes over. even though these folks were the scum of the earth i still found myself pitying them. they never really stood much of a chance.
wonderland is the fascinating film chronicling the x-rated film star john c. holmes involvement in the brutal wonderland murders. the movie's promotion misleads one into thinking this a romanticized portrayal of the porn industry in the vein of boogie nights and that is not the case here.in fact,except for a few references made by newscasters that john holmes is a porn star and a brief montage of real-life footage of john holmes this film is strictly drama about a fallen celebrity's involvement with murder and how it happened. despite being mislead the film is actually engaging.the acting from all the cast is excellent and i'd like to say that val kilmer is amazing in his ability to get down all the mannerisms of john holmes.i was completely convinced that i was watching what john c. holmes probably looked and acted like in real life. if you are a john c. holmes fan or like stories about hollywood then i think you will enjoy watching wonderland.
this movie is one of my all time favorites. cary grant, victor mclaglen, and douglas fairbanks jr...what a cast. not to mention sam jaffe as gunga din. drama, action, adventure and comedy all rolled up into one. the final battle scene still to this day gives me chills and the ending always leaves me in tears. if you haven't seen it, i'd strongly recommend it.
i remember seeing this years ago when it first came out and i was floored by parker posey's performance. and the movie was pretty good also. for anyone who's spent a little too much time in the nightclub/after-hours scene, this movie will have a special charm for you. not too serious, mostly funny, and parker posey definitely blazes her talented way through this indie gem. i especially liked the diaz character (reminded me of every single struggling dj i've ever known). and many other movies could take a cue from this movie on how to preach the virtue of responsibility without being boring and bland about it. babaganoosh!
i have no idea what the other reviewer is talking about- this was a wonderful movie, and created a sense of the era that feels like time travel. the characters are truly young, mary is a strong match for byron, claire is juvenile and a tad annoying, polidori is a convincing beaten-down sycophant... all are beautiful, curious, and decadent... not the frightening wrecks they are in gothic. gothic works as an independent piece of shock film, and i loved it for different reasons, but this works like a merchant and ivory film, and was from my readings the best capture of what the summer must have felt like. romantic, yes, but completely rekindles my interest in the lives of shelley and byron every time i think about the film. one of my all-time favorites.
"secret of the lens" is perhaps a pretty campy all-time favorite of mine. the best and funniest from kajawari yoshiaki, who is known for splatter anime and sleazy hentai-ecchi anime. i wish he did more campiness like this. my favorite scenes are the psychedelic cg sequence, the parts where lord helumis blows up his failing henchmen, the party riots that bill causes (one of the funniest scenes) and whenever my favorite character, worsle appears. check this out. warning:this is not for serious sophisticated anime fans!
a quiet, sweet and beutifully nostalgic movie on how it is to be confronted with old friends and surroundings from your youth with all that memories and the problems and sorrows of the present with you. a movie that makes you feel good. all the ingredients are here: old jelousy, rivalry, friendship and loyalty. mischief, nightly fridge-raids and all the other fun stuff that we all remember from our summer camps. all the characters get the opportunity for a week to experience this again as the old camp-leader now is retiring and want to meet the children from the golden years of the camp. all of them are now in their thirties and in the middle of their careers.
this film is definitely an odd love story. though this film may not be much to shout about, nicole kidman carries the film on her own the rest of the cast could quite easily be forgotten, though ben chaplin does do quite a good job of hertfordshire life with shots of st albans & hemel hempstead town centre depicting the true essence of the area. what starts outlooking like a regular episode of the popular british tv series"heartbeat" soon turns into a gritty gangster getaway action flick.nothing truly memorable happens in this simple small film and thus ends-up as fairly decent weekend entertainment. a good one to watch, and if you like the hero john are lonely thirty something you may find something to identify with in his character.
i also just got back from an advanced screening of redeye and i must say i haven't had so much fun at a movie in a long time. wes craven is at his best ever. he brings us an amazing end of summer thriller i was so desperately craving. this is the thriller of the year..no doubt. all the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun. the f/x were great. it steadily built suspense. i was on the edge of my seat most of the movie. it's been a while since i heard an audience cheer and clap and get excited in a theater. if your looking for thrills,action and a good plot this summer, redeye delivers. go see it!
normally, i don't watch action movies because of the fact that they are usually all pretty similar. this movie did have many stereotypical action movie scenes, but the characters and the originality of the film's premise made it much easier to watch. david duchovny bended his normal acting approach, which was great to see. angelina jolie, of course, was beautiful and did great acting. great cast all together. a must see for people bored with the same old action movie.
this is a feel good film, about one person's dreams and the drive or push to realize them. it is a beautiful and inspirational film. why do some people have to try and find fault with every film that comes out, especially the good ones. dennis quaid gives a good solid performance in this true story of jim morris, a science teacher and high school baseball coach who is pushed by his team to take one more shot at a professional baseball career. with excellent supporting cast, including brian cox, as the crusty old ex navy officer who has let so much of his son's achievements go by without his support. it was good to see him as something other than a villain in a film. if i have one complaint with this film it is this: don't ever let royce applegate sign the national anthem again. seriously, this film belongs to that handful of great baseball films like "field of dreams" and "the natural." it rates two thumbs up and a big "well done."
the devil dog: hound of hell is really good film. it has good acting by the cast including richard crenna and r.g. armstrong.the music is spooky and gives that devilish chill!i liked the effects on the dog and i think the creature itself looked really cool with its horns,frill like part on his neck, and acted really viscous!if you like horror films and haven't seen the devil dog: hound of hell before and are able to find and buy this rare film then do so because its a good movie and i don't think you'll be disappointed!
carter wong plays a noble hero on a quest for a book of healing which leads him seeking ultimate vengeance! the pacing is good in this film and there are a lot of fight scenes to keep the movie going. the flying guillotines look wicked and the main villain has no problems using them. although the story isn't strong, the action is fun and draws you to the very end (which i felt could've had a sequel). campy and dark, this is great ol skool kung fu!!
wealthy psychiatrist lindsay crouse has just published her first novel and is feeling down about her profession feeling that it's hopeless to help her patients. a young gambling junkie client asks her to help him pay off his debts if he truly wants to help him get better. here she gets involved with joe mantegna. to reveal any more of the plot would spoil one hell of a fun movie and 'house of games' may very well be the best con movie i've seen. david mamet wrote and directed this gem that's full of snappy dialogue, great one-liners, and enough twists to keep you guessing til the end. crouse is perfect as the uptight psychiatrist needing a change and mantegna tops her as the devilishly sly con-man. and with the exception of a coincidence in the last quarter of the movie, the film is in utter control of it's audience; and we are loving the con. *** out of ****
it's a little disconcerting to have a character named gig young in a movie...played by gig young. but this film is where gig got his name and also a nice career boost after playing small parts under another name. i'm going to go against the majority of the other comments and state that i really enjoyed this film, mainly because of the vibrant performance of barbara stanwyck as fiona. she was funny, angry, vulnerable, caring, and feisty as the oldest of three daughters whose mother died on the lusitania, and whose father was later killed during woar war i. as the "man" of the house, fiona has stood steadfast for years against settling her father's will which would therefore allow a donald trump type named charles barclay to get the family home. but fiona's keeping a secret as to why she hates barclay so much. geraldine fitzgerald is the middle, flirty sister, who is married to an englishman but craves her youngest sister's boyfriend (gig young). if you're a stanwyck fan, this is a no miss.
with all thats going on in the world sometimes we need an escape. curly sue is just that. not a complicated plot or deep meaning; however it is not devoid of substance. there is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas. there are the charming little shows you can watch with your kids and have enough substance to enjoy with your date. try it you may like it more than you think. the little girl is really smart and cute. the "dad" and the girl go thru some slapstick routines. when a jealous boyfriend steps in, trouble brews for curly and the life shes known may be torn asunder. fred thompson and kelly lynch play good roles as the upper crust and alison porter and james belushi are a interesting fable like duo portraying street wise homeless drifters. their worlds collide and comedy ensues.
what can i add that the previous comments haven't already said. this is a great film and the light sabre duel star wars tribute has to be seen to be believed!! there are moments of genius throughout this movie, if you can, see it now! thanks again to rick baker who gave me this movie many years ago!
what a good movie! at last a picture revealing a unknown side of rock: illusions of fame. well-known rockers are getting old and forgotten, not the music. and with a good sense of humour. have you ever danced on bill haley's rock around the clock? anyway, still crazy is probably the best movie about rock n'roll i have ever seen. far much better than spinal tap for instance. why? because in still crazy, people are mature. they have a different point of view about rock, about love and about life. they want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much. beyond the story itself, we see characters with their own personality, weaknesses and dreams. like anyone of us. spend a good time watching this (listen to the awesome soundtrack! )and finally thinking of your own future. bye!
this movie is rich with action and gore. the story line is strong enough to support the action sequences. the english version needs a tad bit of help in the dubbing department but it was still enjoyable. this movie ranks among my personal favorites next to "hard boiled" ...
well, i must say that this was one hell of a fun movie. despite the fact that the dubbing was pretty cheesy, and there were some odd moments where the film seemed to turn dark blue for no apparent reason, i was not disappointed. the story was actually pretty interesting: the last member of the poison clan must track down the other five members and discover who among them is using their skills for evil, and who is using them for good. the catch being that during training, all of the clan were masked, and all have since returned to society in disguise and changed their names. the fights are a joy to watch, as each member of the poison clan has a different fighting style: toad (my favorite), snake, scorpion, lizard, and centipede. the fight scenes have the actors jumping all over the place, and thankfully the camera stays planted and uses a wide enough shot so you can clearly see all of the action. the one drawback to the movie is that the story tends to drag a bit in the first half up until the first fight sequence. but stick with it, and you won't be disappointed!
the latest film by the spanish director agusti villaronga is a study on how children that experience violence and isolation within their remote community, develop into troubled young adults that need certain psychic tools to deal with their hidden mental frailty. whether these tools are religion followed to a fanatical level, caring for others or simply putting on a macho image whilst engaging as a male-prostitute, villaronga creates a successful examination of how these vices affect three teenagers living in spain under franco. the three witness the disturbing double death or their friends before they are teenagers and subsequently bury the emotions they feel with their peers frail corpses until they meet again once more at a hospital for those suffering form tuberculosis. the cinematic style of the text is typically visually opulent as you would expect from the spanish auteur and is extremely reminiscent of fellow spaniard pedro almodovar's work with themes dealing with sexual desire, both heterosexual and homosexual. an element that is different between the two directors is that villaronga favours a supernatural undertone spliced with claustrophobic, gritty realism opposed to almodovar's use of surrealism, although both styles are similar. the piece gives an insight into troubled young psyche and contains disturbing violence and scenes of a sexual nature. i highly recommend watching this film as it contains elements that will remain with the audience for a considerable period after viewing.
one of the most interesting movies to be classified as "blaxploitation," bakshi's "coonskin" is a rich text full of wonderful insight. he wrote it in collaboration with scat man crothers and barry white, who appear in the film as well. the racist imagery can often be disturbing, but the message of the movie was so powerful that the naacp gave it an endorsement (but only grudgingly). i highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that bakshi attempts to deconstruct. wonderful stuff.
i watched the dvd of this movie which also comes with an excellent commentary track (in english). it seems in cambodia (the subtitles in english say the character is speaking thai but the movie says cambodia)a very violent evil man is raising boys to be killers using starvation and training them to fight and kill. he sends pang to kill some people in china and during the killings a cop's partner is killed. the cop wai is a loose cannon who is worried about his father who is also a cop who was shot and is in a coma. wai's chief is his dad's friend and is worried about wai's erratic behavior. he doesn't know wai was the one who caught his dad in dealing with drug dealers and shot him and put him into the coma. pang escapes and hides in a squalid landfill shack where he meets a woman who came here to find her mother and keeps repeating her father won't let her leave (pang doesn't speak chinese and doesn't understand this but saves her from her father who appears to be having sex with her maybe this is the reason for cat iii). wai becomes more and more obsessed with getting pang but pang is almost unstoppable. even after pang steals a boat and takes the woman to his home where they are married and she becomes pregnant wai follows and joins the evil man (who's training the boys)making a deal to fight and train so he can get pang. there is a big showdown between wai and pang with the terribly abused woman the major victim and leaving wai dead and pang cutting out his child from the dead mother only to die and leave him as the possible next boy to be raised as a killer. this film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack. there are many very brutal violent scenes. the woman having a long nail pulled out of her foot. knives to the neck and torso. guns fired directly to the head. and several very intense beatings. it maybe grim intense and downbeat but it is definitely worth seeing.
ben thomas (smith) plays an irs agent who practically gives the store away to everyone's surprise. what kind of irs agent is this? most of us have all heard the line by an irs agent, "hello, i'm from the irs. i'm here to help." our smile then spreads into a chuckle that says, "yeah, right." as you get further and further into this story, you cannot figure this guy out. he goes easy on those who are being audited. what is his motive? is he from another planet, an angel, a rich guy who wants to do good? he helps so much we want him to be our auditor should we get audited, of course. hey, irs, are you listening? (kidding, just kidding) the pace of the movie is perfect and so much so that clues were ignored that would have told me what was really going on. intense, repeat intense, focus was on ben and stays there. the whole movie only works because of ben as we try to figure him out and i didn't see any clues (what clues you talking about, willis?). not reading the box before watching the dvd movie was the better way to go here. by the end of the movie i finally put it all together. well, it was obvious by then. and, yes, it's over the top, but still a great story, mostly because of will smith. will smith should have been nominated for a best actor award. the rest of the cast were very good as well. yes, it's over the top and despite the great acting and when you finally get all the answers you must realize that the message of the movie is all wrong. what's the message? believe me, you will won't need too many clues to figure it out. i didn't. violence: no. sex: yes, but nothing to get excited about. bland. nudity: no. language: no.
i watched this film many years ago and have searched for it ever since in my opinion although very raw it is very educational as to what the future can hold i enjoyed the movie and to this this day rate it very high sorry to all those that disagree but a movie should always be judged each to there own and in my opinion its great give it a go with all the cloning and test tube babies that are happening today who are we to judge this film, this may be a dramatised event of what is to become but there you go. all the horrors of today are so far fetched even i laugh but this one gets me thinking and it scares me as a mother what if i was desperate,after watching this movie i would think twice sorry but i love the movie make your own mind up don't watch the movie making- just aknowledge the story and ask yourself this how far would you go for a child?
film dominated by raven-haired barbara steele, it was seen when i was seven or eight and created permanent images of pallid vampiric men and women stalking a castle, seeking blood. steele is an icon of horror films and an otherworldly beauty, and the views of the walking dead pre-date romero's night of the living dead shamblers, unifying them in my mind. i don't see the connection between this film and the haunting, which is clever but ambiguous about the forces present. la danza macabre is a b-movie without pretention, daring you to fall in love with barbara steele and suffer the consequences. there's no such draw to haunting's overwrought claire bloom. the comparisons to the haunting are superficial. and no, this movie does not need to be remade. not only is it a product of the sixties, but the large percentage of talentless cretins in hollywood cannot fathom macabre's formula for terror. that formula is based on one overriding factor: good writing. low-grade classics like castle and corman's poe films with r. matheson and tourneur's out of the past share a commonality of strong writing. it's simple. get a real writer like richard matheson or steve mcquarrie and let them put a plot into today's cinematic mess. besides that, let hollywood attempt some original material for a change, and stop exploiting the obviously superior product of the past.
to say this film is simply a demonisation of catholics and a misrepresentation of history is untrue. that is not what this film is. what this film is is a comment on the abuses of the church (although this could be substituted for any powerful body), the ways that this abuse affects people and families and the way so many people choose to simply allow and often participate in the abuse without thinking for themselves. the fact that it is the catholic church which is in the wrong is simply because of the nature of the true story the film is based upon. to label this as propaganda against catholics seems to miss the truth about what the catholic church has done at times; its history is often not great and is something that films like this highlight and that needs to be highlighted. yes we should comment on the abuses committed by other organisations but that is not for the remit of this film. it is an amazing film which brought me to tears and well worth watching - 'if we do not study the past, we are bound to repeat it'
pandora's clock is among the best thrillers you will ever read and this is one of the best thrillers you will ever see. a highly faithful adaptation of john j. nance's novel ,which had a frightfully real scenario in the novel,is made even more so here. despite being made for tv, this is first rate entertainment. the cast is great and slips into characters from the novel so well that you would think they were reading the novel. richard dean anderson steps way outside the shadow of macgyver and gives the best performance of his career to date. jane leeves is great her role as an ambassador's assistant in a role that proves she can be a fine dramatic actor. daphne zuniga is great as dr. sanders and despite the character being a man in the book, it works incredibly well. robert loggia, edward herrmann, robert guillaume, and the rest of the supporting cast are top notch and fit their novel counterparts tot he letter. there are changes to the story of course (including and a slight change in the ending) but those changes are for the better when compared with the novel. the plot is realistic and very see to believe in the way its presented making this the best airplane set movie since the original airport movie. the production values are high and though the special effects might look as good as they did a decade or so ago, they work fine. sets are great, especially cia hq and the oval office showing that the filmmakers spent a lot of time to make this work. it doesn't matter if you see this first and read then read the novel or vice versa. just do both and you won't regret losing four hours to this film and however long it takes to read the novel. this will leave you breathless.
well, i thoroughly enjoyed this movie. it was funny and sad and yes, the guy andie macdowell shagged was hot. interesting, realistic characters and plots as well as beautiful scenery. i think my mum would like it. i still think they should have been allowed to call it the sad f**kers club though...
series three- blackadder the third " if you want something done properly, kill baldrick before you start" hot on the heels of the second series the show returned with the current owner of the famous name down on his luck and in service as butler to the prince regent, a vain and stupid foil for blackadders venom, played by hugh laurie. baldrick is still in tow as the other piece of the comedic jigsaw. the format is similar to the previous show, after all now they had found the winning formula why change things. we see blackadder trying to get rich off of the back of the gullible regent in many more ingenious ways, trying to make bladrick an m.p.or trying to woe a suitable bride for the prince. in many ways this is one of the most accurate of the series historically, the prince regent did take control of the throne during his fathers bout of madness and some of the characters lampooned tell a lot about the times. samuel johnson, william pit and wellington all pass through the events and all manage to steal their scenes, not an easy thing with such a stellar cast
yet another remake of "fistful of dollars", sergio leone's remake of kurosawa's "yojimbo" (suggested by the novel 'red harvest'). this one is strictly a b-movie; taken as that, it is rather enjoyable. the direction is crisp, the acting full of verve, the limitations of its 'direct-to-video' photography well-handled. the weakness of the film is in the disastrous decision to marry the 'fistful'/'yojimbo' plot to a sub-plot from leone's 'once upon a time in the west'. although leone directed both 'fistful' and 'west', his motivations behind the two films couldn't be anymore different. the 'man with no name' (eastwood) is a borderline socio-path with a soft spot for broken families. harmonica (chaeles bronson) is obsessed with his own broken family, and obsessed with revenge. these two characters would not have had much to do with each other. in order to bring them together, 'gun crazy' has to twist it's plot and complicate it until we lose track of which story we're actually following. but this is a b-movie after all, and filled with action and silliness; it's entertaining on that level, just don't expect anything more.
i found this movie thought-provoking, and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the "good guy" and hating the "bad guy." scott cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. judd hirsch plays against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected. when i saw this at the tribeca film festival, i was enchanted by the lovely way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director. this is a fitting successor to the classic "ordinary people." i just realized, judd hirsch was in that, too!
to be fair, i expected car chases in this film. there was only really one, but apart from that, 'freeway' was a great movie which i am glad to own on dvd. the only really big names in the cast are homicide's richard belzer as the radio psychiatrist and b-movie villain par-excellance billy drago as the revelation-quoting freeway killer. but the rest of the cast generally give good performances. i especially liked how darlanne fluegel gave her character, sunny, a bit of guts. she could have been a helpless victim character but she is fully rounded as she seeks out drago with the help of bounty hunter james russo. russo, i'm afraid, comes across as rather wooden, but then again, the character he plays, frank, isn't very well fleshed out save for a back story sunny is given by his former commanding officer. the tone of menace is kept up superbly throughout the film and the atmosphere of the lonely la freeway at night with the killer prowling its' length in his sinister grey sedan is an excellent way of building tension, and the music used to underscore the film is suitably composed. i don't know why there are some people who hate this movie so. different strokes for different folks, i suppose. but i absolutely enjoyed 'freeway' and i can strongly recommend it.
i know that you've already entered this in film festivals (or at least i think you have, i may just be making that up) but i think this should get "best animated short film" in every one. bravo. i can't wait for the full film. i realize that you may not hear this often enough because of the bizarre nature of your animations, but hear it now and accept it as the truth. kudos, my friend. okay, now i'm just trying to get ten lines of text... though i still mean it. and here comes yet another -shoe!- and i cannot stop here yet. this is extremely annoying and yet at the same time i have nothing better to do. in fact, i'll probably watch all of your movies in yet another spasmodic "jason steele marathon." i do have a lot of those. -r
lorna green(janine reynaud)is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. she falls prey to her fantasies as the promise of romantic interludes turn into murder as she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. it's quite possible that, through a form of hypnotic suggestion, someone(..a possible task master pulling her strings like a puppet)is guiding lorna into killing those she comes across in secluded places just when it appears that love-making is about to begin. after the murders within her fantasies are committed, lorna awakens bewildered, often clueless as to if what she was privy to within her dreams ever took place in reality. if someone asked me how to describe this particular work from franco, i'd say it's elegant & difficult. by now, you've probably read other user comments befuddled by what this film is about, since a large portion of it takes place within the surreal atmosphere of a dream. franco mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by godard early in his career, as far as film-making style, and so deciding to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a whole different type of viewing experience. and, as you read from the reaction of the user comments here..some like this decision, others find the style labouring, dull, and bewildering. i'll be the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even franco himself, when quizzed by critics who watched "succubus", admitted that he didn't even understand the film and he directed it! some might say that "succubus" was merely a precursor to his more admired work, "venus in furs", considered his masterwork by franco-faithful, because it also adopts the surreal, dreamlike structure where the protagonist doesn't truly know whether he/she is experiencing something real or imagined. in a sense, like the protagonist, we are experiencing the same type of confusion..certainly, "succubus" is unconventional film-making where we aren't given the keys to what is exactly going on. and, a great deal of the elusive dialogue doesn't help matters. "succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet-speak", corman's film, "a bucket of blood" poked fun at. my personal favorite scene teases at a possible lesbian interlude between lorna and a woman she meets at a posh party..quite a bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used rather unusually. great locations and jazz score..i liked this film myself, although i can understand why it does receive a negative reaction. loved that one scene at the posh party with lorna, a wee bit drunk, writhing on the floor in a gorgeous evening gown as others attending the shindig(..equally wasted)rush her in an embrace of kisses.
here's one more beauty in the string of beautiful films directed by eytan fox. the movie presents the story of star-crossed lovers (one israeli, one palestinian)in modern tel aviv. the film's effectiveness comes not only from its depiction of cross-ethnic conflict, but of conflicts personal and political within ethnic groups as well. for example, there's a telling moment when one of the secondary characters, openly gay, is visited in the hospital by his boyfriend who brings him flowers and tries to kiss him in front of his visiting family, and suddenly we see a wave of awkward discomfort wash through the room. clearly the young man is not as open as he seems, and the family not as accepting as he might want them to be, while the boyfriend is confused and rejected. a good deal of complexity is packed into a fleeting moment. as we know from yossi & jagger, fox is a master at efficiently packing emotional and psychological complexity into brief sequences. the film is also effective for the even-handed way it presents the mutual brutalities that israelies and palestinians inflict on each other. if you're not heartless, you'll cry through the last third of the movie. though the plot is melodramatic, it's so intelligently written and acted that it reminds us of how satisfying good melodrama can be.
this is one of those rare movies, it's lovely and compelling, dignified and quirky, a true gift. i consider it a prerequisite for any trip to italy, or any vacation at all, because it reminds you to open yourself up to a broader experience (yup, find the magic). i especially loved josie lawrence, as lottie wilkins, but every lead and supporting actor is flawless in this film. further the costumes, if you're drawn to fashion and costumes, are extraordinarily well done. i just wish they'd release it on dvd because i'm wearing my tape version out! absolutely well worth your time, just make sure to settle in to watch it, without any interruptions.
a lovely old - fashioned thriller coming on like a cross between alfred hitchcock and david lynch,"red rock west" follows the misadventures of injured veteran unemployed oil worker mr n.cage as his luck turns from bad to worse after he ends up with an empty gas tank and barely enough money for a cup of coffee in a one ute town in the back of beyond. it has been established right from the start that mr cage might be down but he is not out,and he might be broke but he will not steal,not even in his present dire circumstances.consequently when he is mistaken by mr j.t. walsh for the man he has commissioned to murder his wife,mr cage calls on the wife to warn her of her husband's intentions.in turn she,in the person of miss l.f.boyle, offers him even more money to murder mr walsh.mr cage decides to leave whilst he is still in front but as he is driving out of town he hits a man in the road.tempted as he might be to drive on,he takes the man to hospital,where it turns out he has been shot.mr cage is detained by the deputies who call the sheriff who turns out to be mr j.t.walsh. events take a further complicated turn when,escaping from custody,mr.cage narrowly avoids being run over by the real hit-man on his way to fulfill his commission.about now you might be forgiven for thinking "enough already",but as it happens on the screen it seems a completely logical turn of events,the narrative flow of the movie at this point seeming unstoppable. mr d.hopper is comfortably cast as the hired killer,like mr cage a usmc veteran.this little piece of serendipity keeps mr cage alive long enough out-think the murderous trio and survive,a little more battered but still unbowed. it is a tribute to everybody involved that what sounds on paper remarkably like a piece of nonsense is in fact a tense exceptionally well made picture with fine performances all round. "red rock west" is a movie - lover's movie.within five minutes you know you are going somewhere you've been before on plenty of occasions,but you'll be very happy during the trip.
a lovely little b picture with all the usual joe lewis touches.... people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear. also, alas, an ending that comes out of nowhere, because, apparently, the auteur has lost interest in the movie, or perhaps because as a b picture it has to fit into a slot.
when the grinch came out i was excited though i thought it was going to be a happy go lucky film and it was. though it did have a little nightmare before christmas touch to it. you know kind of dark and spooky. i loved this film because it helped fill people with the christmas spirit. so mostly the grinch saved christmas. and what happened then well in whoville they say that the grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day. merry grinchmas!
i've read a number of reviews on this film and i have to say "what is wrong with you people?!?!" this was an excellent film! i thought this film was superb from start to finish and the story was extremely well told. i'm convinced that the people that didn't like this film weren't paying very good attention to the film. there are a number of very important scenes that if you aren't paying attention you will be confused and the following scenes may not make sense. i urge anyone who didn't like this film to watch it again and watch it alone so that you can truly pay attention. the story made perfect sense to me and as i said, was very well told. every scene in the film has a point and everything fits together at the end of the film. all the actors did a fantastic job! sean connery was very good in his role as always. laurence fishburne was superb as tanny brown, playing a very interesting character. kate capshaw was a nice touch as well, and looks fantastic. blair underwood was a pleasant surprise, i didn't really expect anything great from him, but he pulled off a great performance. ed harris was the real gem in the film. he plays a truly sick individual and really makes you see how disturbed his character is. watch his eyes in his scenes, just superb!!! also, there is a very young scarlett johansson (as kate) in one of her first roles...not a bad place to start. excellent cast in this film! i would strongly recommend this film to anyone that likes any of the cast members or just likes thrillers. this is a great film and should be seen. don't listen all these other people's opinions, go see the movie and come to your own conclusions. i hope that you will see the film, and i hope that you enjoy it as much as i do. thanks for reading, -chris
frankie dio (lee vancleef) is a high-ranking mobster who turns himself in to the police or illegal gambling (for reasons that seem unclear to me). tony (tony lo bianco) is a low-level thug who frequents a pool hall and spends his free time envying frankie. by being in the right place at the right time, tony gets arrested with frankie and is sent to jail... where they form a bond that may not quite be friendship, but it will do for now. this film came to me under the title of "frank and tony", which is disappointing because i see an alternate name is "mean frank and crazy tony", which would have helped sell the film more effectively. i presume that's an homage to "dirty mary, crazy larry" but what do i know? i watched it shortly after another italian crime film, "violent professionals", and i must say the two complement each other very well. italians have always lagged behind americans in their budgets and production values, which is a real shame with this film. it is considered a "grindhouse" film, which unfairly demotes it to a b-movie (or worse). with a cleaner sound and picture, this could have been a hollywood hit, i suspect. i found the story very interesting, the characters (and actors) better than average and unlike "violent professionals" the plot is fairly clear -- not too many secondary characters. if you like mafia movies or crime films you should give this one a try. a film about the mob that's actually from italy (how much more authentic do you want?) is as much as you can ask. sure, it's not "the godfather", but it's not supposed to be. this isn't a drama, it's a light comedy, heavy action buddy film... like "die hard with a vengeance" from the point of view of the bad guys. well, okay, not really. if nothing else, this film made me want to check out other films from the director and the principle cast. films besides "escape from new york" (where vancleef plays "hauk") and the usual cult movies. what's more fun than discovering a lost classic?
even though this movie came out a year before i was born, it is definetely one of my favorite comedies. it stars redd foxx as a father who tries to understand his son's homosexuality. like most parents, he doesn't know a thing about what it means to be gay and has all of these stereotypical notions of what gay people are like. his son, norman, is now grown up and living on his own. when his father, ben, finds out that his son is gay, he pays his son a visit in hopes of changing him. the title comes from one of the funniest lines in the movie--when ben gets to norman's apartments he runs into a female prostitute and thinks it's his son in drag ("norman... is that you?"). the movie had me laughing from start to finish. redd foxx is great. although a lot of the content is stereotypical, i didn't find anything offensive about the way the material was handled, and it even has a good ending. highly recommended.
i remember seeing this film at the west end theater in louisville, kentucky when i was a boy. the scene where dr. carmus finds the gardener's coffin, and the breathing dead body therein, was the scariest part of the movie for me, only intensified by the darkness of the film. i also wondered about the people hanging from the trees at the end, until i recognized the part of the film in which the family name of the blackwoods was changed from blackblood, due to the fact that in the family history there was a character who was known for his many hangings of various people. sir thomas blackwood seemed to get his kicks out of adding to the deaths caused by his family. i also noticed that as foster first enters the gate of the cemetery, he is careful in noticing the sharp object of the gate, where he meets his end. i would not hesitate to recommend this film to horror movie lovers.
hmmmm, want a little romance with your mystery? this has it. i think if the romance was ditched this would have made for a better movie. but how could the romance be ditched when the story's borrowed from something called a harlequin romance novel, whatever the heck that is. had the romance been ditched, the story might have been a little too weak. the mystery here wasn't too bad, quite interesting but nothing on the level of mission impossible international espionage. oh well. i thought mel harris was pretty good; her short skirts, i think, added some sex appeal... but this rob stewart guy probably could have been better cast, maybe with a more well known tv movie actor. the directing was decent and the writing could have been improved on - both could have been a little edgier, a little darker, more adventurous. one thing that was great about this was the use of real european locations. that could easily have been changed so this could have been filmed in canada but they really were in magnificently beautiful places like budapest. possibly a drawback was the director and/or cinematographer's choice to frame certain shots picture postcard perfect. not good. had this been a more dramatic motion picture shot for the big screen, picture postcard perfect scenes really need to take a backseat and just be a nice part of the background. this was just a tv-movie, though, so they had to add some ummmph to the picture and some of that ummmph came from the scenery. overall, twasn't really a bad movie. i'll tell you what, this was absolutely the best canadian-hungarian production i have ever seen! (and the only that i know of.) i hereby proclaim this to be a mediocre made-for-tv movie, giving it a grade of c-
"the last wave" is one of those movies that relies heavily on the mind. the title refers to the aboriginal doomsday theory: there will be one last wave that wipes out everything. david burton (richard chamberlain) is a sydney lawyer hired to defend some aborigines accused of murder. around this time, there has been unusually heavy rainfall in australia. while defending the aborigines, david learns the last wave theory, and begins to wonder whether it's just mythology. the movie's last sequence is a metaphor for descending into the depths of one's mind. peter weir created a perplexing, but thought-provoking, movie. aboriginal actor david gulpilil (whom you may have seen in "walkabout", "crocodile dundee" and "rabbit-proof fence") provides an interesting supporting role as one of the defendants. if you get a chance, watch the "making of" feature on the dvd. peter weir explains some of the film's undertones, some of which relate to richard chamberlain's background.
whilst it is universally acknowledged that fearful symmetry was heavily influenced by the kolchak episode they have been, they are, they will be, whether this makes it a rip-off or a homage is an altogether more controversial point. as a huge fan of both series i subscribe to the latter belief, although the less charitable may not do. james whitmore was brave to take on the task of directing such a difficult episode, invisible elephants and gorilla suits sounds like a recipe for disaster, but he pulls it off with style, the teaser being an absolute gem. lance guest does a great job of making a credible character out of kyle lang and jack rader seethes with menace as ed meecham. forget fearful symmetry's dubious originality and just enjoy it as a deeply satisfying x file.
honestly, this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with. in order to win the money you have to actually be intelligent. not only that you've got to be brave, athletic, cunning, etc. it actually requires skill. not like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. and yet, they only have two seasons of it! bull..they need to bring this show back!! although, they'll have a hard time pulling anderson cooper away from cnn. he was great. but seriously, it was an amazing show. you never knew who would be going when. and it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself! it was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to! bring back the mole!!!! bring back the mole!!!!
the only complaint i have about this adaptation is that it is sexed-up. things that were only hinted at in the novel are shown on-screen for some weird reason. did they think the audience would be too stupid to understand if they were not shown everything out-right? other than that, this is very good-quality. all the actors do marvelous jobs bringing their characters to life. for the shallow women out there, it's worth watching at least because toby stephens as gilbert is the sexiest thing ever. if i were helen i would have conveniently forgotten i was still married the minute i laid eyes on him... sort of a spoiler- the ending scene is a funny reversal of what happened in the book.
there are few movies that appear to provide enterntainment as well as realism. if you've ever wondered about the role of snipers in modern war, take a look at this one. i just loved the scene where hundred soldiers get shooting at the jungle, no-one quite sure where that shot came? and, they nicked one scene to saving private ryan, so it has to have some merit in the scene.
i have seen this film on countless occasions, and thoroughly enjoyed it each time. this is mostly due to the lovely erika eleniak- a great actress with incredible looks. plus, any film starring tom berenger and dennis hopper is bound to be entertaining.
brokedown palace is truly a one of a kind. it's an amazing story, showing two girl's plight for freedom against the thailand justice system. they soon find themselves placing faith into a system they know nothing about. alice morano (claire danes) and darlene davis (kate beckinsale), are two best friends, strait out of high school. they suddenly change their vacation plans from hawaii to thailand, and are immediately captivated by a young man, nick parks. he flirts with them both, and suggests that the three of them go to hong kong for the weekend. when the two arrive at the airport, they are immediately searched for drugs. someone tipped off customs, and in an instant, their life is changed forever. in the mix of the confusion of settling into their new life, they learn about a highly respected lawyer, named hank green (bill pullman). an american who knows the thai justice system, he fights for the girl to be free. but they soon find out, when they leave or go is all up to them. if you're looking for a great movie that'll stay with you for years - brokedown palace is definitely the way to go.
first i was caught totally off guard by the film's initial lyricism and then i became totally enchanted with the unfolding story and engrossed with the brilliant directing. the characters were all fully developed, not bigger-than-life but just like the people we live among anywhere we are in the world, in sweden, in turkey or in america, all completely believable human beings with foibles and nobility. hollywood could learn so much from this beautiful film. it shows that there is no need to go into every little detail behind every action to bring out the whole theme clear and bright, and that shows the brilliance of the director! hearfelt thanks to kay pollak and the wonderful cast for this superb treat!!
holes is an awesome movie. i love it a lot and it's one of my favorite films. it's one of the few flicks produced by disney that isn't cheesy. holes is generally a very cool motion picture. i wish disney would make more pictures like it. holes is indeed a rare breed of disney flicker shows that is cool. don't get the wrong idea, i don't mean to bad mouth disney but most of it's stuff is aimed towards kids and that's okay. children deserve to have their entertainment too. but disney has been guilty of trying to appeal to the teen audience and they usually fail. but not with holes. it's the type of movie anyone of any age can watch and enjoy and not once think it's corny. really, it's the kind of movie that even a lot of young hoods might enjoy since there are characters in it that they can relate to. holes does a good job of being a mix of good family entertainment but not being too cheesy and living a little on the edge. i hope disney takes more risks and makes more edgy flicks like this.
dev anand (or prashant) and zeenat aman ( jasbir/janice) are siblings brought up in single parent families. jasbir (the sister) grows up in an affluent environment but this is not enough to lead her to reject her life and ultimately join a hippie movement that eventually leads her to drugs. prashant (the brother) on the other hand grows up in a less affluent environment but grows up to be a matured gentleman. the story marks prashant making efforts to save his little sister (who is perpetually in a trance) from a hostile hippie environment. this movie stands the test of time, commenting that cults and hippie groups are a place for those who give up on their lives when they should instead stand up and be counted in the face of adversity. great music compositions in this movie that mean different things in different situations and to different people, and the director brings forth an eerie feeling to it.
what a surprising treat to come across on late television. had i only read a brief plot rundown on a television listing before seeing the movie, i would have passed. the idea of a movie about a hit-man-seeing-a shrink-wanting-to leave-the-business-and-falling-in-love....sounds trite. but the film works. from the start of the movie, it's clear the man carries a weight on his shoulders, before he even says a word. the look and feel of the film is perfect. dark, but not obnoxiously so. aside from the hit-man family aspect which provides a touch of surrealism, macy's character grapples with his marriage, and his father's control. macy shows a repressed sadness, and his bedtime talks with his young son are amazing. the young boy shows acting skills well beyond his years, and the interaction between the father and son is so very natural, personal and loving. this is one of the best movies i've seen in a while, and i can't believe i came across it by accident on late night television.
. . . is just as good as the original. very nearly achieves greatness because of cundieff's remarkable ear for music and dialogue. skewers the self-important swagger of the hip-hop poseurs. the group "niggaz with hats" (nwh) are every rap group you ever heard and utterly self-parodic. wardrobe is unbelievable. buy the oop soundtrack if you can.
a sweet-natured young mountain man with a sad past (henry thomas) comes upon an abandoned baby girl in the woods and instantly falls in love with her. the town elders generally support him in keeping the child, though a local temptress (cara seymour) thinks little of the new family. a determined little girl on a long walk and a sinister travelling salesman (david strathairn at his creepiest) have parallel stories which converge in a fateful way. this is a charming slice-of-life in the ozarks in the same vein as "where the lillies bloom" & "the dollmaker". all three were shot on location in those beautiful hills and cover the lives of simple-living -- but not simple-minded -- american folk. a minimum of strong language and brief but pointed violence make this fairly-safe family viewing.
"this man's navy" is, as other comments have indicated, a rare and well-filmed look at navy lighter than air (lta) activities. the lta crews were justly proud that the convoys they shadowed never lost a ship to submarine attack. and the filming at the various nas locations give a valuable glimpse at a type of aviation that is long gone. however, the first half of the movie is all about beery, his relationship with his service pals, and him meeting the tom drake character and his mother, and getting drake's leg fixed. only then does the second film start. the second film is mostly ltas in action, taking on a surfaced sub, guys get killed and much damage is caused. the look is fairly gritty and realistic, i imagine. then we shift to southeast asia. did the navy have ltas there? never mind, this part is really wild, with a blimp being used to extract some downed aircrew from the jungle. and the japs are shooting like mad. shades of vietnam, except the getaway is oh, so leisurely. this is a blimp we're talking about. in the end, a feel-good wwii drama about a very unusual part of the war.
most people, especially young people, may not understand this film. it looks like a story of loss, when it is actually a story about being alone. some people may never feel loneliness at this level. cheadles character johnson reflected the total opposite of sandlers character fineman. where johnson felt trapped by his blessings, fineman was trying to forget his life in the same perspective. jada is a wonderful additive to the cast and sandler pulls tears. cheadle had the comic role and was a great supporter for sandler. i see oscars somewhere here. a very fine film. if you have ever lost and felt alone, this film will assure you that you're not alone. jerry
this is a really old fashion charming movie. the locations are great and the situation is one of those old time preston sturgess movies. fi you want to watch a movie that doesn't demand much other then to sit back and relax then this is it. the acting is good, and i really liked michael rispoli. he was in rounders, too. and while you were sleeping. the rest of the cast is fun. it's just what happens when two people about to get married meet the one that they really love on the weekend that they are planning their own weddings. i know... sounds kooky... but it is. and that's what makes it fun to watch. it will make your girl friend either hug you or leave you, but at least you'll know.
this is the touching story of two families in israel and the relationships within each family. each family has a gay son. the stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. the portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak.
guys, you got to watch this awesome movie. at the end of this movie you will have a strong passion and profundity imbued into yourselves. the acting of the two characters, billy sunday and carl brashear deeply touches the heart from inside. this movie is about principles, dignity, patriotism and honor. you will hear chief carl brashear say, the navy has greatest tradition of all - honor - practiced thoroughly by these two characters. mere glances of these characters during the movie fills you with enthusiasm. dialogue delivery of this movie is perfect. you can't find any flaws in the dialogues. what the master chief billy says roams in and out of your mind for a long time after watching the movie. please watch this movie.
great acting, great movie. if you are thinking of building see this movie first. the dollar amounts may have changed but everything else is the same. the humor is true to life and emotions are those that anyone who has built has felt.
my favorite part of this film was the old man's attempt to cure his neighbor's ills by putting the strong medicine in his bath. there is more than a sense of family, there is a sense of community.
probably the two main significances of "elmer's pet rabbit" are that the wacky leporid featured in "a wild hare" now has a name, and that he utters his famous "of course you realize this means war!" for the first time. mostly, the termite terrace crowd was still trying to figure out what exactly to do with this long-eared rascal. it's certainly a must-see for hard-core fans of this genre, but others will probably have little reason to take interest. but make no mistake, it's quite hilarious what bugs bunny does to the eternally gullible elmer fudd. clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon. i recommend it.
i really enjoyed this movie. the humor was a bit absent at times but i enjoyed how the story moved between dramatic and serious throughout the film. this is the only the second movie where i saw verdone acting (the other was 'un sacco bello'), and i can see why italians find him tiresome, but he think he played his role well as the loving father. my one drawback with this movie was that i knew it took place in italy - somewhere in the center or south, i presume, but i felt like there was no representation of a place. this movie could have taken place in new york, boston, melbourne, new dehli...i always think it is important for movies to have a place to give the viewers something to relate to. (maybe i missed something?) :) if you like italian films, then i think that you will enjoy this. it's not a fellini or a rossellini - it's not realism or neo-realism. it's a comical story with serious moments that could really happen to any of us.
shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. i just wonder how that came to be made. there were too many scenes in this movie that i wondered about how come a camera was there. if the scenes shot where the warhols descended on a bjm post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? all the way thru this movie i kept wondering how the footage came about. taken at face value, a nice portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.
at first i had the reaction a lot of people left with after seeing this: that shots of fat people sunbathing, etc were cheap shots in a way. ok so he's doing diane arbus meets. . . whatever. . . but it wasn't long before i realized that this wasn't being done in a dehumanizing way, as the images unfold i felt that the problem was entirely the audience's: we are conditioned by hollywood and also movies from just about everywhere actually to feel that to watch people above a certain age behave in a sexual way is something unseemly, something that ought not to be shown. if this were all the film offered it would be a great deal. however, the story of the woman with the abusive boyfriend and his drunk friend really hits like a ton of bricks: very eloquent storytelling, incredible performances, and to think the scene was improvised. that blonde guy is a genius actor. finally i want to contradict those who say this film is all about how pathetic all these people are. the old man who is on the make with the woman who finally dances for him is completely an a ok character that breaks that mold, so don't oversimplify the film by overlooking him. yes his dog gets killed. this ain't a rosy picture of the world but it's not . . . completely hopeless. anyway i felt really grateful to the filmmaker for making such a beautiful film all in all. i wouldn't say each of the threads were as strong as the strongest, but i say this movie basically kicks ass and would highly recommend it. . .
i saw this independent film when it was in philadelphia and it was a pleasant surprise. i left the theater with a smile on my face. one of the things that made it so funny was that it was based on a true story -hilarious! it has some great character actors in it too. mindy sterling is in it and is very good. i loved her in austin powers. howard hesseman is also terrific. i remember him from head of the class. i am tired of all the dark edgy movies that keep getting made. this is fun and light, and i can watch it with my family and not be embarrassed. i keep checking to see when it will come out on dvd. i will definitely buy it.
to quote flik, that was my reaction exactly: wow...you're perfect! this is the best movie! i think i can even say it's become my favorite movie ever, even. wow. i tell you what, wow.
this gem for gore lovers is extremely underrated. it's pure delight and fun! gratuitous servings of blood, insanity and black humor, which can please even the most demanding lover of the genre. a full exploitation of the almost universal fear of dentists and flawlessly shot. only for the connoisseurs.
after several extremely well ratings to the point of superb, i was extremely pleased with the film. the film was dark, moving, the anger, the pain, the guilt and a very extremely convincing demon. i had initially expected to see many special effects, and like a lover's caress, it blew me away with the subtlety and the rightness of it. brian, i am again blown away with your artistry with the telling of the story and your care of the special effects. you will go a long way, my friend. i will definitely be the president of your fan club. eric etebari, the best actor award, was the number one choice. you made jr. lopez look like a child compared to kasadya. :) overall, the acting, story line, the high quality filming and awesome effects, it was fantastic. i just wish it were longer. i am looking forward to the dreamless with extremely high expectations.
maslin beach is a real nudist/naturist beach south of adelaide, on the fleurieu peninsula, in south australia. it is also the name of an australian film that used the beach as a location. maslin beach is labelled a romantic comedy. this could be slightly misleading, as it is not a 'hilarious' film, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it does have light-hearted moments. much as life itself, there are also moments of sadness too. it is also entirely shot at the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity runs throughout the length of film. the viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal, and concentrate on the plot, not the copious amount of flesh. simon and marcie (michael allen and eliza lovell) arrive by car at a beach-side car park. they take their belongings to the beach, and while they are walking, a voice-over from simon talks about his confusion about what real love is. the rest of the film is an exploration of this, framed by one complete day at the beach. the basic story is of what happens to simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in several separate vignettes. when they arrive at the beach, both simon and marcie appear bored with each other. marcie sees them as a 'romeo and juliet' romantic couple. simon is just bored with it all. next, we are introduced to gail (bonnie-jaye lawrence), paula (zara collins) and jenny (jennifer ross). they are walking down the beach together discussing gail's chances of finding the 'perfect' man, aided by the 'powers' of a necklace that brought good luck to her grandmother. however, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this film). to service the beach's patrons there is a flatulent, short-sighted ice-cream salesperson with a van. this is ben (gary waddell), who is a friend of simon, and is also his unofficial counsellor. i would think that this character is the main comic element. it is hard to say though, as there is nothing about ben that would make you laugh aloud, unless you were intoxicated, male and very young! maslin beach does have a major redeeming feature though, and that is that it does not dwell too long on any one subject. as the quality of acting is variable, the script is suspect and everything about maslin beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive boon. in fact, there is something about this film (not the nudity) that i find appealing. it is hard to define what it is, but it could be something to do with its bluntness, and downright 'aussie' attitude to carnal matters. the camera work in maslin beach deserves a mention. sometimes it is very good, with some stunning static shots and 'pans' of the beach, cliffs and a sunset. as nudity is a major factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of the camera work. there is no sense of gratuity in the framing, meaning that the framing is done so that the camera does not dwell on 'private' body parts. this helps to ease any sense of viewer discomfort from being within the subject's 'personal space', and makes the film more tasteful. not an easy task, given the location for filming. maslin beach is neither a 'skin flick' for post-pubescent, testosterone charged males, nor a 'mills and boon' romance for under-appreciated women. maslin beach does not seem to fit anywhere in genre. the actors are not 'attractive' in the baywatch sense, and are just 'normal' people that you would see on the beach anywhere. it does not have a message to put across and it would not even act as a tourism advertisement, other than perhaps to naturists. apart from the australian accent, the filming could have been in any sunny country. what makes this film distinctly australian is the fact that it is pointless (cinema verite?), and only australian cinema, and other medium sized national cinemas, could consider such a rash option. at the same time, these medium sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the quest for identity, and a 'flop' is not going to damage their reputation too much. it is always possible, given that maslin beach is now a collector's item, that the film might become internationally popular, but it is very unlikely. during this critique, i have been sounding highly negative, at times, about maslin beach. this is not the real position, as i found the film very easy to watch. i enjoyed it as a reflection of near reality and real people (and problems). the problems confronted in the film are those of the everyday, and a little low on spectacle. this does it no harm in my view, and i wish that more films dealt with the everyday like this. there is a connection here with the cinemas of europe, and with french film in particular. they rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes, but with the everyday. hollywood is in direct opposition to this, and rides the crest of the hyper-real action/drama/angst wave. the pace too, is much faster in hollywood, but it is not reality. maslin beach is not exactly 'jacques tati' either, but it is on the right track, even if it does ignore issues of multi culturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, that are of such importance in current cinema. i am sure that you will either love or hate this film, with little room for a middle ground.
this is a good adaptation of austen's novel. good, but not brilliant. the cinematography is inventive, crossing at times the border to gimmickry, but it certainly avoids the trap of making this look like a boring tv soap in costumes, given that the entire story is dialogue-driven. the acting is competent. ms paltrow is aloof, as her character requires, but the required distance from the other characters is accompanied by a much less appropriate detachment from her own actions. in other words, she does not seem to care enough of the results of her match-making endeavours. some of the supporting cast is guilty of over-acting - very much in the style that is appreciated on stage but out of place in motion pictures. personally, i had problems accepting alan cumming as mr elton - to no fault of his own, except for having left such an impression as a gay trolley-dolly in "the high life" that it is now difficult to accept him playing any serious part. acting honours go to toni collette who manages to radiate warmth, and jeremy northam who pitches his character at just the right level.
if i watch a movie and don't once look at my watch or clock to see how much longer it will be running or when i hope that the last scene wasn't the end of the movie, it's got to be pretty good. i'm not an movie internalist or cinema dissectionist. i watch movies and if they keep me interested till the end, then they are pretty good because some of the most critically acclaimed films bore me to death (the english patient, shakespeare in love, atonement, crash. this movie kept me interested and absorbed beginning to end. acting is great, story is absolutely original, flash-back technique very affective. there was a bit of citizen kane thrown in tho when hoffman trashes his apartment after tomei leaves him, but i forgive that cause i see it as a homage to, rather than a rip-off of, orson.
well i don't personally like rap, but i still found fear of a black hat hilarious. i'm sure i didn't get some inside jokes, but some i knew, and it was funny enough to make me laugh just after i'd stopped laughing. i'm a big fan of spinal tap, so naturally i had to check this out. it was deriviative from this is spinal tap, sometimes blatantly, but this film still stood on it's own as an original, intelligent, and funny satire. my personal favorite: "back in the time of slaves, they didn't have hats to protect them from the sun, so at the end of the day they were too tired to revolt. now we have hats."
they filmed this movie out on long island, where i grew up. my brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. it never came out in the theaters (obviously) and it, as far as i knew, was never released on video, and i'm sure wasn't released on dvd. yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. so there must be something. i would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, yet there is no way i can find it anywhere. does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? and which format that would be?
this is a beautiful, rich, and very well-executed film with a rich and meaningful story. basically, it tells how an old master story teller needs to find a (male) heir to carry on his craft, but ends up not getting what he expected in his very male-dominated world. the characters must then deal with their situation and the old master must grapple with the conflict between his desire for a companion and heir and his and society's traditional notions. the story is fun, emotional, and complex. the exploration of the characters, their lives, and emotions, is rich and compelling the character development is strong while the characters are complex and not one dimensional at all. the film expertly conveys the old man's emotions and his desire to find an heir, and compellingly shows how he and the kid handle the situation. there is also humour, sometimes quite subtle, at appropriate points. the film also examines the good and bad of traditional chinese culture, creating further interest and depth to the film. the directing, acting, and scenery are all outstanding. added to the other strengths, this creates rich and convincing visual images and compelling, real characters. as a result, the film evokes strong empathy for, and feelings about, the characters. some have claimed that the ending weakens the film, but i do not necessarily agree. perhaps it could have been stronger with a different ending, but any improvement in the overall film would have been rather small.
as i watched this movie, and i began to see its' characters develop i could feel this would be an excellent picture. when you get that feeling, and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare. i had that very feeling throughout this movie. robert deniro and cuba gooding junior played riveting and amazingly strong parts which were both oscar worthy. the supporting cast was equally as strong creating a winning foundation for the picture to grow on. i can say without any hesitation at all, see this movie it will not disappoint.
i don't think i could have enjoyed it more, though certain things were disturbing. i'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. at any rate, what movie can lack with robert downey jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? all-in-all, the plot was developed sufficiently. nothing seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. the characters were like-able, and there were plenty of hilarious scenes in it. the idea over-all is that the story is very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. but like i said before, it's hard not to love any movie with robert downey jr.
nicole kidman is a wonderful actress and here she's great. i really liked ben chaplin in the thin red line and he is very good here too. this is not great cinema but i was most entertained. given most films these days this is high praise indeed.
to be honest, i had no idea what this movie was about when i started it. that's how i watch movies whenever possible. no preconception. i thought this was going to be a movie about stoners in the woods or something. i was wrong, kinda. loaded was kind of boring at first but once it started to get going it really hooked me. i know the feeling of being sucked into something dangerous where you feel helpless but to do things that you do not want to do. another user commented on how this movie was silly and implausible but i beg to differ. these kinds of things do happen. i'm sorry but not everyone lives in a dream world where nothing bad can happen and crazy situations are "implausible". really sorry but the reality of the world is that they do happen. the creator of this movie as well as the actors did a great job of portraying how things can just go bad and how people can make really bad choices. sometimes things turn out good, sometimes they turn out bad and such is life. i highly recommend this movie.
okay, note to the people that put together these horror acting legends dvd-collections: i truly am grateful and i hugely support the initiative, but have you even watched the films before selecting them as part of the collection? when i purchased the boris karloff collection there were several films in which the star only played a supportive and unessential role ("tower of london", "the strange door"). "the invisible ray", however, is part of the bela lugosi collection and here it's actually boris karloff who overshadows bela! this actually would have been a great title for the boris karloff collection instead! bela lugosi's character is quite possibly the most good-natured and earnest one he ever portrayed in his entire career and good old karloff actually plays the mad and dangerously obsessed scientist here. "the invisible ray" features three main chapters. the first one, set in dr. janos rukh's carpathian castle is pretty boring and demands quite a lot of the viewer's patience, but of course the character drawings and the subject matter discussed here are fundamental for the rest of the film. dr. rukh (karloff) demonstrates to a couple of eminent colleagues (among them bela lugosi as dr. benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays inside a self-manufactured device. the scientists are sincerely impressed with his work and invite rukh and his lovely wife diane along for an expedition in the heart of africa. there dr. rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "radium x" to complete his medical ray and goes completely bonkers after being overexposed to the meteorite himself. the third and final act is obviously the best and most horrific one, as it revolves on a good old fashioned killing spree with ingenious gimmicks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. karloff glows in the dark and, convinced the others are out to steal his discovery and even his life, he intends to eliminate them using his deadly touch. the narrative structure of "the invisible ray" sounds rather complicated, but the film is easy to follow and entertaining. the story is rather far-fetched but nevertheless compelling and director lambert hillyer provides several moments of sheer suspense. boris karloff is truly fantastic and so is lugosi, even though he deserved to have a little more screen time. their scenes together are the highlights of the film, along with the funky images of the glowing boris.
loved the film! this was my first glimpse at both reese witherspoon and jason london, both of which are two of my favorites. must say that no matter how many times i've seen this movie i can't help but tear up. one of those movies that should become a classic for all.
this movie feels like a film project. as though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. despite this amateurish feel, the movie is effective. it's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. this provides for some predictable but well done conflict. probably most enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. a good watch but nothing stirring....
from the beginning of the show carmen was there. she was one of the best characters. why did they get rid of her?! the show not the same as before. its way worse. the best episodes were with carmen in them. you can't replace someone from the beginning! that is like south park without kyle or child's play without chucky! it's not right! the niece who replaced her is just, ugh! awful. she doesn't fit into the storyline at all. she was one of the main characters, and the niece can't replace her. she was an awesome actress. way better than the niece. get her back, or you'll lose a ton of viewers.
one more of those brilliant young men who went all out and dared to make a teen romance film( can i actually call it that?- it would invoke the devil out of its fans)on a micro budget but packed with such taste, sensitiveness and maturity. peter sollett- you deserve more admiration and respect.thanks once again for demonstrating to the powers that be in the "industry" that stereotypes can be flushed down the toilet. one location,a handful of rich characters, low budget,good acting(and that too amateurs),decent lighting - worshippers of true indie cinema should watch more of this and stop watching...well...you know what.
i watched, entranced and mesmerized, by the vocal and physical acting. the roles each character played were done with excellence.the lyrics,the words, every gesture, the sunrise, told it all.the movie spoke to me. it enlightened me to a different perception of a person who believes in mankind. who believes in peace and gentle behavior. i was also held in disbelieve, by the sacrifices and human dignity was portrayed. power without grace, is demented and without feelings. to want power at the cost of mankind, is so unbelievable. this movie made me so afraid for the people who are no longer in this world. and, it is with sadness that i think of them. i like this movie for the conversations and face expressions to it all. may this movie be blessed.
this wonderful little film has all of the elements that made the spaghetti western so exciting and fun: great music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, nora orlandi), exciting action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and beautiful scenery and sets (all in almeria, spain, of course). it also has a very good story with a nice tragic romance edge to it. the actors do marvelous jobs--with truly standout performances from lawrence dobkin and rosalba neri (in the most vital role for a female in a spaghetti western..outside of cardinale in leone's "once upon a time in the west"). without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the best endings of any film i have ever seen!
bob clampett's 'an itch in time' milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise. elmer fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath. unfortunately for the dog, a relentless flea makes it all but impossible to stop from scratching. the cartoon switches between the flea's progress inside the dog's fur and the dog's desperate attempts to cope with it. in a great sequence that really captures the frustration of an itch that can't be scratched, the dog changes colour from brown to blue to red to polka dotted to plaid! it sounds ludicrously surreal but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way only clampett could. there are several other elements which make 'an itch in time' pure clampett. there's the grotesque concept itself, which leads to some graphic scenes of the flea munching on the dog's flesh. there's the unrestrained violence that rears its head in any scene featuring the cat. most notably, there's the dirty jokes including a huge shot of the dog's behind which causes the flea to wolf-whistle and a hysterical sequence in which the dog attempts to scratch himself by dragging his backside along the floor. he momentarily breaks off to address the audience: "hey, i better cut this out. i may get to like it"! with a very limited concept, clampett manages to make 'an itch in time' a unique, minutiae-based cartoon. like an early episode of 'seinfeld', 'an itch in time' is practically about nothing but very funny with it.
well i guess it supposedly not a classic because there are only a few easily recognizable faces, but i personally think it is... it's a very beautiful sweet movie, henry winkler did a great job with his character and it really impressed me.
very good martial arts film and jet li is the best since the master himself bruce lee .li is excellent as the low key librarian/cop who saves all time and time again . he has a presence and a look that is riveting and believable as the kung fu king that you don't mess with .francoise yip is simply beautiful in that mixed race original way that is unique because of her mixed heritage , she has an innocence and an allure all at the same time that i found unforgettable .the villain , the man with the sunglasses and long hair was very good as well but i can't find his name in the credits , can some one help me out with that ? thanks ! enjoy hak hap or black mask , in any language its good entertainment !
caught this film at the arizona international film festival. i wasn't expecting a lot (though the festival's director told me it was one of the best films submitted). five minutes into it i was sold. shot in b & w on a shoestring budget, this film is hilarious. the acting is solid, the writing is solid and the look of the film is solid. the acting is probably the biggest revelation, since most films shot on low budgets tend to have amateur or stagey acting. not this one. it features one of the most convincing, endearing and funny portrayals of a character with tourette's syndrome i've ever seen. the plot is convoluted without being confusing and raunchy without being gratuitous. if you get the chance, see this movie. filmmakers like majkowski (hope i got that right) deserve the chance to strut their stuff to a wider audience.
i won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. it unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. as she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion. the film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by talia sharon as ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent. israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the u.s.
this is a really interesting movie. it is an action movie with comedy mixed in. foxx teams up with comedian epps in this movie to give it a comedic spin. it will keep you wondering whats going to happen to foxx next. it was a well shot movie, the director used the right colors in this movie(dark blue colors) to give it the right kind of feel. kimberly elise also starred in this movie and it is always a pleasure to see her on the big screen. she plays her role well. even jamie kennedy is in this movie. it's worth seeing it you haven't seen it. it's definitely worth having if you are a jamie foxx fan. it deserves more credit than it is actually given.
i've read some terrible things about this film, so i was prepared for the worst. "confusing. muddled. horribly structured." while there may be merit to some of these accusations, this film was nowhere near as horrific as your average dvd programmer. in fact, it actually had aspirations. it attempted something beyond the typical monster/slasher nonsense. and by god, there are some interesting things going on. ms. barbeau is a miracle to behold. she carries the film squarely on her shoulders. this is not to say that it's a masterpiece. unholy ultimately collapses under the weight of its own ambition. there are just too many (unexplained) subplots trying to coexist. and the plot loopholes created by time travel are never really addressed: for example, if hope knows that her mother is evil and that she will ultimately kill her brother, then why doesn't she just kill ma in the film's very first sequence? seems like it would have beat the hell out of traveling into the future to do it. still, i give unholy points for trying. a little ambition is not a bad thing.
i really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one. first of all, i find this short-film very entertaining and interesting. i just take it for what it is. i think the suspense and mystery are ingenious in their insinuation upon the watcher. one other thing that caught my fancy was that it immediately gets the viewer involved even though there is no clear story, just hints and pauses and emotions played out by the characters that kind of give you the impression that there is a story to all that is going on. no-one else could have done that better than lynch. this is the essence of lynchianism at its best. sure, i will agree with anyone that people that start viewing this with the desire to be entertained without any really imaginative work from the viewer's side, will find themselves disappointed. and in good right. lynch is not about that. at least this side of lynch is not. the one that helped make lost highway/mulholland dr. is at full tilt here and people that just expect to be entertained like they would watching anything else, will just not get what this is all about. my opinion is that darkened room is all about messing with your animal-core, your instinctual self, by giving you the means (image, sound, situation) by which you instinctively react. it's not about pleasure of any kind, it's about getting the desired reaction out of you. and, that, my friend, is pure art.
i'm surprised that no one yet has mentioned that there are two versions of this same film. the lion's share of the footage in both is identical, but here is where they differ: in one version (the version i have seen most often on broadcast tv), the group of clerics guarding the gateway consists of the "brotherhood of the protectors", a (fictional) splinter group of priests and brothers "excommunicated" by the church. in the other version, which i've seen only once on tv, the clerics guarding the gateway are depicted as priests of the official church, meaning the archdiocese of new york (or perhaps brooklyn). also, in the former version, in most of the pertinent scenes, the clerics are referred to as "brothers" (and in some scenes, you can see where the lips say "father" so-and-so but the dubbed audio says "brother" so-and-so. in the latter version, i believe everyone is referred to as "father". in any event, it seems that one of these two versions is more or less a partial re-shooting of the other, with all "brotherhood of the protector" scenes re-shot as "archdiocese" scenes, or vice versa. (kind of reminds me of the raymond burr cutaway scenes in "godzilla"). i have videotaped both versions off broadcast tv, so no, i'm not imagining this. can anyone shed some more light on the story behind these two versions of the film?
police story is one of jackie chan's classic films that helped shape the hong kong cinema. it is a masterpiece that should not be missed by any action movie fan. from the beginning it is obvious that jackie chan's stunt team literally risked their live to make this film. both the action and the stunts are extremely realistic and innovative. even today, no movie has outdone police story in dangerous stunts. many people were hospitalized in police story including jackie chan. the fighting is not as indisputably exceptional as the stunts but the fighting in this movie helped change and define jackie chan's use of props. throughout the film chan uses odd object to stop attackers and is constantly throwing assailants through thick glass. the action feels real because the stuntmen are giving the movie all they have to give and jackie chan's coordination is outstanding. the rest of the aspects of the film are not without flaws but they will not disappoint any action fan. chan not only plays a believable risk taking cop but shows the powerful changes that his character goes through as he falls into escalating desperation. the plot is powerful but a modern viewer may find it tedious at times. while the comedy will provide a good number of laughs it does not always distract the audience from the lack of action. however, for the time period it was made in, the driving aspects of the plot are entertaining. there a good number of interesting and well played characters dispersed throughout the film as well. overall police story is without a doubt one of the best action movies ever made. and even in hollywood the influences of this one film are not to be ignored.
the subsequent two seasons of this original series was less than lacklustre. the latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span. maybe if the plug was pulled after the first season it would've gained a cult following. aside from that, the first season was truly hilarious! witty, clever with superb writing it was promising. the first season's excellent brew had the right ingredients - characters/actors, storyline and so forth. plus a comedy about a paparazzi reporter was original to boot. nora and her fellow "photographers" on the prowl, night after night, day after day for the exclusives. a lot of things don't make sense to me. like how this show, and another fav of mine - gross pointe never "made it". if only the first seasons of the naked truth, and grosse pointe were released on dvd, please anyone out there?!
like one of the previous commenters said, this had the foundations of a great movie but something happened on the way to delivery. such a waste because collette's performance was eerie and williams was believable. i just kept waiting for it to get better. i don't think it was bad editing or needed another director, it could have just been the film. it came across as a canadian movie, something like the first few seasons of x-files. not cheap, just hokey. also, it needed a little more suspense. something that makes you jump off your seat. the movie reached that moment then faded away; kind of like a false climax. i can see how being too suspenseful would have taken away from the "reality" of the story but i thought that part was reached when gabriel was in the hospital looking for the boy. this movie needs to have a director's cut that tries to fix these problems.
saving grace is a feel good movie with it's heart in the right place. grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. she could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. she's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. there's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. it's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. the way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. it's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by english slapstick, and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable.
i saw this movie only after hearing raves about it for years. needless to say, the actual experience proved a bit anticlimactic. but still, alec guiness energetically leads a wonderful cast in a jolly, if formulaic, romp through industrial post-wwii england. this is the familiar tale of the woes of inventing the perfect everyday product. remember the car that runs on water? remember the promise of nuclear energy? in this case, it's a fabric that doesn't wear out, wrinkle, or even get dirty! of course, fabric manufacturers and their workers are horrified at the prospect of being put out of business, and so the plot gets a bit thick. guiness makes the whole enterprise worthwhile, and watching him blow up a factory research lab over and over again is quite a blast! (those brits ... always the stiff upper lip when under fire.) the film might chug along exactly like guiness's goofy invention, but it's a good ride all the same.
first let me say the director has some wonderful use of titles in his establishing shots. i really enjoyed them. i really enjoyed this movie but i got to say next to pierce brosnan, greg kinear is pretty lackluster. brosnan melts into this character so well, that it is really hard to remember that this is the same guy that played bond. it also shows his range and depth as an actor. it is kinda of an indie flick and was really nice to see especially with all of the mainstream movies that flood the movies at this time of the year. i found the characters to be well crafted. the twist in the middle i felt was especially good. i also liked how the characters come off realistically. so many times we have in film these caricatures of people that are not really characters but walking-stereotypes... i like the different approaches this movie takes. i think of sideways when i think of this movie but i think this is more watchable and a better movie overall...
laputa: castle in the sky is the bomb. the message is as strong as his newer works and more pure, fantastic and flying pirates how could it be any better! the art is totally amazing and the soundtrack, which is reused many times after this, (im not sure if this was the first time i heard it) and evokes in me the most emotional sentimental response of any movie soundtrack. sheeta, the female lead in this movie is totally awesome and the boy, pazu is also a great role-model--he lives on his own! the plot is classic miyazaki. i won't give it away, but the end is really great. i rank this as one of miyazaki's three best with nausicaa and spirited away. also you may want to check out howl's moving castle when it comes out (sometime next year i hope) if you like miyazaki check this one out as it readily available in the usa. enjoy, piper a
bedknobs & broomsticks is another one of disney's masterpieces. it was filmed with sequences of animation and the actors and actresses interacting with the animations. (a similar concept was used in mary poppins when the children and mary disappear into the sidewalk art.) i am mainly rating this film through child's eyes because i have not seen it in years. back then, it was one of my favourite films. it was magical and mystical, and the last scenes (the conflict beginning with the ghostly armour walking into battle) were my favourites. there was also a lot of stop-animation used with the spells (ie, people turning into rabbits), which may be a little dated and silly now. (also, i believe that the film starts off slowly.) through the eyes of a child, this is a fun film and it is easy for children to put themselves into the places of the children in the film. it is an imaginative film which is sadly largely-forgotten today.
there were a lot of films made by hollywood during the war years that were designed to drum up support for our troops from the public. seen today, some might dismiss them or just see them as propaganda--which they technically are, but of a positive sort and meant to unify the nation. this film is a pretty effective and entertaining example of the genre--having a pretty realistic script and good production values. pat o'brien plays pretty much the same character he played in many other films (you know, the tough-talking, hard-driven but "swell guy"). randolph scott is, as always, competent and entertaining and the rest of the extras are excellent (look for a young robert ryan as one of the bombardiers in training). while the story is reminiscent of several other movies about our pilots and crews, the film is well-crafted enough to make it interesting and not too far-fetched. that it, perhaps, except for the very end--where the film is a bit over-the-top but also very satisfying. about the only serious negative, and this is mostly for nitpickers, is that some of the stock footage is somewhat sloppily integrated in the film and "nuts" like me who are both history teachers and airplane lovers will probably notice this--all others probably won't notice.
i took a flyer in renting this movie but i gotta say, it was very, very good. on all fronts: script, cast, director, photography, and high production values, etc. proves eva longoria parker is head and shoulders in rom/com above bad actors such as kate hudson and jennifer aniston, who mug and call it acting. who'da thunk it? parker and isla fisher are in a class by themselves in this regard and should try to hold out for projects as good as "over her dead body." lake bell is excellent, too, and this is the first time i have seen her. and finally, paul rudd gets to shine in a really good movie, instead of lesser films. a movie like this never gets its dues from close-minded males. it's too bad. as other imdb reviewers here have noted, there is nothing lame about this gem --no hack writing or acting. and its depiction of contemporary l.a. and california, in general, makes every scene look bright, beautiful, clean, and otherwise outstanding in every way. never before has a movie made l.a. look so good. ah, what a little talent and a lot of caring can do for a movie. i won't divulge the plot, but as a long-time and hard-core atheist, i was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light-hearted piece of entertainment. it reminds me very much of the old "topper" movies, which were also so enjoyable. this movie exposes popular, but otherwise hackneyed, movies like "ghost" for the mediocre and overly sentimental crap fests they are. we already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre. some of us save our praise for the truly worthy, however. if you have enjoyed other overlooked gems such as "into the night" with michelle pfeiffer, jeff goldblum and clu gulager, "blind date" with bruce willis and kim basinger, "american dreamer" with jobeth williams, "chances are" with robert downey jr., christopher mcdonald and cybil sheppard, "making mr. right" with john malkovich, etc., you'll enjoy this. a first-rate job all around (even if it's kinda hard to believe a straight guy can pretend to be gay for more than five years.) but even that plot device doesn't detract from the movie's overall excellence.
this episode is a bit confusing. some people say that you have to start from the very beginning but i have to say i was a bit confused from the beginning! clark gets a blow to the head and wakes up on the floor of fairview mental institution and is made fun of for believing that he's a superhero. clark is told that the life that he knew was all in his head. delusional. he also find some things that are unusual: martha's married to lionel; lex is bound to a wheelchair with his limbs cut off after his accident on the bridge; and lana is devoted to clark. but he finds one familiarity; someone else who's devoted to clark: chloe. he also finds that a mental patient is also from the known world of smallville. and the doctor is an escapee from the phantom zone. this episode reminds me right back to a buffy episode called "normal again" where buffy begins to have vivid-daydreams about a mental asylum. the doctor tried to convince her that all that she knew was a figment of her imagination and that she was, in fact, crazy. her parents were still married, they still lived in la, her friends didn't exist, angel was never her boyfriend and she didn't have a sister called dawn. demons and vampires also didn't exist. both episodes are a bit sad because doctors aren't just telling the characters that it's all a figment of her imagination but it tells us what it really is: fiction, and it brings us back to reality. it's nice, though, to have a sense of reality every once in a while, but we watch these shows to escape from reality. it's again nice because the characters have to overcome new challenges.
i love this show! mr. blick, gordon, and waffle are cats so different from each other, yet they refer to themselves collectively as 'brothers.' i often find myself trying to imitate the tired, sighing accent of their butler, hovis, or even the scottish borough of gordon. there should be more episodes made about human kimberly. the episode about the cats disguising themselves as pre-teen girls to gain admittance to human kimberly's slumber party in order to get their thirsty paws on their favorite drink, rootbeer, is a hilarious classic. we can't drink rootbeer in our house now without either doing the catscratch voices or the hanson brothers from the movie 'slap shot.' future classic. where can i get the first two seasons on dvd??
this was a hilarious movie and i would see it again and again. it isn't a movie for someone who doesn't have a fun sense of a humor, but for people who enoy comedy like chris rock its a perfect movie in my opinion. it is really funnny
this movie has wild bill hickok, calamity jane, buffalo bill and general custer all together. gary cooper plays wild bill and jean arthur plays calamity jane and charles bickford plays the bad guy who sells weapons to the indians and you can hardly recognize him. this was the first time cecil b. demille and gary cooper worked together and the next movie the made was basically the same but set in a different time. this movie starts out with lincoln's assassination and it also deals with an indian war. calamity jane is in love with wild bill and buffalo bill has gotten married and now wants to stay home. this movie also deals with custer's last stand and is far from accurate. gary cooper is good as usual and i usually don't like jean arthur but i liked her here.
i've seen this movie at least fifty times and after watching it last week for the first time in a long time i still felt it. the story itself was incredible but came alive by spielberg's expertise and the fabulous cast including whoopi goldberg, oprah winfrey, danny glover, and margaret avery. akosua busia deserved an oscar nomination for her short but powerful portrayal of nettie. you'll experience every human emotion while watching this film. i laughed, cried, and got angry. like most great movies it was looked over by the academy with a host of nominations but no wins. but this movie, without a doubt, is definitely one of the best films of all time.
i love this movie. it is great film that combines english and indian cultures with feminist-type issues, such as girls wanting to play sports that were previously reserved for men. it shows the struggles of both an indian person wanting to break outside her cultural barriers and women wanting to break outside the gender restrictions found in sports, especially in england at the time. i feel that the cultural struggles are more emphasized than the other issues. in contrast to the other comment, i do not think this movie is anything like dirty dancing or any other such chick flick. this move is loved by many types of people, men and women, young and old alike.
this is a perfect series for family viewing. we gather around the tv to watch this on bbc america. it is an up-to-date version of robin hood and it appeals to children and adults alike. our teenager and tween-ager both enjoy sitting with mom and dad and watching robin's next exploits. we can't wait for the next episode to air each week and are glad for the free "on demand" viewing. the wardrobe has a spot of current fashion. there is a moral to each story. it is entertaining. the violence is not over-the-top or needless. the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic with a john william's feel to it. it is an old world tale that is brought to life again with a new world flair. there is so much garbage on television from brain rotting "reality" tv to senseless violence. you should take this for what it is and that is an updated "robin hood" not to be compared with the movie exploits of errol flynn. this is a gem to be enjoyed by all. parents that are concerned about their children watching too much violence will enjoy that robin has lost his taste for war and bloodshed. he is a robin hood that would rather attempt to reason his way out of a disagreement than fight. maid marian is also an appealing role model for young girls. rather than stand by and do nothing, she takes her own role in helping the poor by being the "night watchman." the sheriff of nottingham is deliciously over the top wicked, just as the sheriff should be and looks like a cross between billy joel and tim curry. guy gisborne is played by an extremely handsome actor, one that makes most women wish he didn't have portray the role of a bad "guy". the only question we have is "where is friar tuck?"
tight script, good direction, excellent performances, strong cast, effective use of locations.... paul mcgann gives a detailed, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously. there is an interesting moral & emotional journey happening with his character (ben turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by amanda burton. inevitably they cross over... who has done what? the examination of why, both in the past and in the present, rather than who might have yielded a more interesting, dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining?
surprisingly well done for an independent film, an insomniac's nightmare paints a startling picture of what it would be like to suffer from insomnia. wonderfully well written, and directed, it creates the atmosphere of a dream as the viewer is taken through one night in the life of an insomniac. starring dominic monaghan as jack, we get to see everything he sees as the long hours of a lonely night drag on. the narration is almost hypnotizing, and from the opening lines, it is impossible to turn away. fascinating and slightly disturbing, it shows how someone copes with a lack of sleep, balancing on the brink between sanity and madness. with twists and turns around every corner, an insomniac's nightmare is provocative and engaging. it comes very highly recommended.
this is a strong movie from a historical and epic perspective. while the story is simple it is pure and straightforward. in truth, it is the standard story of a simple, honorable man whose honor comes into conflict with the more educated and wealthier men of the period. poor vs. rich, honorable vs. dishonorable, a classic but well-told tale without much of the glitz of hollywood stinking up the screen. extra points just because you can almost smell the people on the screen. :)
i've never been a fan of farrah fawcett...until now. she was truly amazing in this movie. the emotion she must have gone through shooting re-take after re-take doesn't bare thinking about. this was a very hard movie to watch, the subject matter is decidedly unpleasant and you feel so helpless just sitting and watching a woman being abused for what seems like an eternity. i actually felt that the whole thing deflated somewhat when her friends returned to the house and i didn't find the conclusion at all plausible. the director seemed very keen in using height in his shots and loved using mirror reflections, i believe he should have paid more attention to the pace in the second half of this piece. i'm sure this makes a heck of a powerful piece of theatre, this movie for me, although it had merit, just fell short.
nothing revolutionary here; just impeccably elegant, restrained cinema. garde a vue is confined almost exclusively to a drab police station, and mostly to one interrogation room, but director claude miller (who made the wonderful film this sweet sickness, among others) intercalates spare glimpses of exterior tableaux as minimalist locale scenography. miller's restraint, especially early on, is breathtaking, and his exquisite handling of the consequently-pivotal interior mise-en-scene makes for captivating viewing. lino ventura is superb as usual, succeeding to legitimize a character that, on paper, is cliche: the laconic, hard-nosed, world-weary homicide detective. ventura lives the role, making it completely believable, even though the script allows us little access to his inner workings; the film ends at the very moment it appears he will be forced to confront his failure for the first time. michel serrault is equal to the task as the suspected child-killer who shrewdly spars with the single-minded flic. the exchanges between the two are more-often-than-not pregnant with tension and the aura of a constantly metamorphosing playing field for a battle of wits. serrault's character is by turns deplorably haughty and cunning, and pitiable; then later.... the "message" of garde a vue, if one were to search for one, is a condemnation of police methodology and the kind of pressures that make a cop over-zealous to, if necessary, close cases at the expense of justice. for most of its length though the film shines as nothing more than an exemplar of how to turn a potentially soporific set-bound scenario into a suspenseful drama of the utmost cinematic economy.
i remember that i was a child when i first saw this movie, it was my first horror movie (maybe that's the reason why i can still remember some parts of it). i don't remember much about acting, nude scenes or other things but i do remember a male has head blown up with a grenade, a male dismembered over a tree and a male run down by truck and shot in head :) (todd schaefer, kenny johnson and kevin mcparland). i also remember the last scene when jennifer mcallister riped of the killer stomach to get the keys of the truck. it's a movie that gives you the creep and it's worth a look. but where do i find it? how can i download it?
...that the bette davis version of this film was better than the kim novak version. despite all of the other comments written here, i really prefer the bette davis version, even though the novak version has a more coherent story line. however: davis' mildred's raw emotions seem to me to be more apt to a sluttish girl who seems easily to become a prostitute. and it is those raw emotions that constitute *part* of what the poor doctor falls in love with. he has emotions of despair, of failure, of "otherness" - strong emotions that he represses. davis' mildred, on the other hand, displays her emotions immediately and without censure. she has no feelings of despair, or of failure, or of "otherness"; rather, she is merely surviving as a poor cockney woman in the victorian era. novak's portrayal was a more vulnerable mildred than was davis', almost through the the whole movie. davis' mildred was **never** vulnerable until she actually had to go to the doctor and beg for assistance. and when he reviles her - for her method of keeping body and soul together, and for continually taking advantage of his love for her - she unleashes arguably the most passionate repudiation of snobbish holier than thou attitude ever seen on screen: "i wiped my mouth! i wiped my mouth!!" novak's vulnerability was excellent. davis' realism was monumental. imdb votes concur!
if you want your vision of chaplin limited to a lovable tramp and you get your belly laughs from pathos, watch something else. if, however, you love slapstick comedy as performed by one of the best, do watch this one. the image is of the tramp who really cannot get the girl. he spots another couple kissing on a park bench, and he has a blast ruining their fun. this is one of chaplin's "park comedies," filmed in mack sennett's park, with pickpockets and cops and couples. these shorts work, as the format allows chaplin to shine as he weaves through predicaments. i checked the box, as this could be considered a spoiler, though it's not if you've seen these films. everyone ends up in the pond except chaplin. he gets the girl, who in this case was played by minta durfee, a.k.a. mrs. roscoe "fatty" arbuckle.
i thought it was a pretty good movie and should have been released in theaters first. it wouldn't have been a big blockbuster but it would have made some pretty good money. the movie has suspense and makes you wonder just how much of this is going on in the real world. justin timberlake did a good job. i wasn't expecting justin timberlake to do that good a job. considering it is his first movie he did a good job. this is a movie that is good to pick up and watch when you just don't know what you want to rent that night. it should go pretty well. the cast was great. so i highly recommend that everyone checks this movie out!
i got a good laugh reading all the idiotic comments for this film, as it's obvious that those people who criticized the movie never seen it, or were stupid enough to pay to see it. the best reason to watch was on the elvira show a few years back. elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can. it's an ok monster flick, compared to the hundreds of horrendous american flicks made. way better!!!!
interesting characters, lots of tension. as close to black and white without being black and white. i was turned off by how casually the supposedly sympathetic mainstream character, a quiet, near deaf secretary, was able to turn to crime to ruin colleagues, rough up people in her way and finally participate in a heist, and set up someone to be bumped off as a decoy to her own get-away. i'm a little put off by the trend for otherwise quality movies to portray criminals in a sympathetic way without addressing the injury they've done to others other than to portray their immediate opponents as jerks. in this film we never know who's money it really is they abscond with, or what happens to the innocent wife who the sympathetic deaf-secretary uses to set up the of the sleazy bar owner to take the fall for the missing loot. too bad, the film could have been great.
having heard of modesty blaise before, but never having read a novel or a comic strip, my wife and i liked the film a lot. it delivered, in a captivating way, a good introduction to the character and her background. although it has some action flick elements, it is much more an intimate play, excellently written. sadly, this is also, where a major drawback of the movie is revealed. an intimate play lives on the capabilities of its actors and unfortunately only half of the cast delivered. while alexandra staden did an excellent job as modesty blaise, her counterpart nikolaj coaster-waldau - as the villain miklos - did not. smiling his way through the plot as if it is an extend toothpaste commercial, he fails to build up an atmosphere of anxiety that would have made the movie a masterpiece. the supporting cast is somehow similar, from some stereotyped gangsters and sluts to decent performances from fred pearson as professor lob and eugenia yuan as irina.
this show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television. i mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: a plane crashed on an island. the characters are great and evangeline lilly is hot!!!!!! matthew fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, josh holloway is so great, jorge garcia is hilarious, i could go on and on. also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. j.j. abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is. i mean this is better than alias, and i loved alias. whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the dvd's and watching it, because they are missing something great. this show could possibly be the best show in television history!!
i have seen the movie holes and say that it has to be the best movie all year long. it brings out the child in everyone. i mean who would come up with the idea of having troublesome boys dig holes as their punishment? louis sachar thats who. although the movie was different from the book it was still very good. for example caveman/stanley was supposed to be the biggest one there. weight wise and height wise but zigzag/ricky was taller and armpit/theodore was bigger. also x-ray/rex was supposed to be one of the smallest boys but wasn't. the only thing that i didn't like about the movie was that the flashbacks were rather persuasive and long. i would have rather seen more of the present than past but thats just my opinion. i especially like the work of the boys though. like squid/alan who was played by jake m.smith was supposed to be a moody and tough kid. jake m.smith performed just that and did a great job at it as did almost all of the actors in holes. so i would say if you havent seen holes yet then you should definatly see it when it comes out again or you'll be missing out on a whole lotta fun.
as romantic comedies go, this was a cute and winning one. i thought that the writing could have been stronger to build up the final connection a bit better, but that is not a huge tripping point. but, amanda detmer and scott wolf give nice performances and are as charming as ever. these are two of my favorite actors, and i was just glad to see them cast as romantic leads. i hope to see them cast in more projects soon. overall, this movie won't change your life, but is is sweet, warm and winning. not a bad thing to be at all.
i love this movie. it was one of my favorite movies. the action never stops. the whole movie was done very well. the ending is really good. ontop of it being action filled, they even have a surprised put in there for you. when i saw what the movie was about on the internet i was kind of not sure if i wanted to see this movie, but sense i am such a big luke perry fan i decided to give it a chance. i am glad that i did give it a chance because this was a very well though out movie. it was very original. whoever thought up this movie gets a standing ovation from me. the acting was great. luke perry did an excellent job once again. i give this movie the highest rating.
this is a film i decided to go and see because i'm a huge fan of adult animation. i quite often find that when a film doesn't evolve around a famous actor or actress but rather a story or style, it allows the film to be viewed as a piece of art rather than a showcase of the actors ability to differ his styles. this film is certainly more about style than story. while i found the story interesting (a thriller that borrows story and atmosphere from films such as blade runner and many anime films), it was a bit hard to follow at times, and didn't feel like it all came together as well as it could have. it definitely had a mixed sense of french animation and japanese anime coming together. whether thats a good thing or not is up to the viewer. visually this film is a treat for the eyes, and in that sense a work of art. if you like adult animation, or would like to see a film that is different from most films out at the moment. i would recommend it. all i can say is that i enjoyed the experience of the film but did come away slightly disappointed because it could have been better
"panic" is a captivating, blurred-genre film about a brooding and conflicted middle aged hitman's reconciliation of infatuation with a younger uninhibited hairstylist, his love of wife and son, his duty to his employer/father with his own identity. although the film has a nebulous purpose and an ambiguous ending, it is a superb production in almost all aspects. the characters' clarity and sincerity in such an improbable story may both fascinate and annoy audiences.
this miracle of a movie is one of those films that has a lasting, long term effect on you. i've read a review or two from angry people who i guess are either republicans or child beaters, and their extremist remarks speak of the films power to confront people with their own darkest secrets. no such piece of art has ever combined laughter and tears in me before and that is the miracle of the movie. the realism of the movie and it's performance by bret carr is not to be missed. the very nature of it's almost interactive effect, will cause people to leave the theater either liberated or questioning their very identity. bravo on the next level of cinema.
yes, this is one of the great musical movies i grew up with with such great entertainers as frank sinatra and gene kelly, not to mention the petite and glorious voice of kathryn grayson. the music and dancing is superb. i understand frank took lessons from kelly; and there is kelly dancing with jerry mouse, which is quite unique for the time. betty garrett plays the waitress who falls in love with sinatra. she is one of hollywood's great underrated stars. i saw this again on a&e tv and as well have it in my old vcr tapes. never get tired of these old musicals. whatever happened to hollywood??
i am sad to say that i disagree with other people on this columbo episode. death lends a hand is frankly kind of a boring columbo to me. after a few times, i get bored and changed the channel. i still love robert culp and patricia crowley and ray milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. first, robert culp plays an investigator for ray milland's character. he hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by patricia crowley to see if she is having an affair. in return, culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. out of anger, culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. i don't know. maybe i just didn't care for this one at all. of course, columbo gets him in the end. it's just the question of how.
this is one of the greatest child-pet movies ever created. i cry every time i see shadow yelling "wait, wait for me peter!" as the family car is pulling away. this is a must see if you love animals! best movie ever! the lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. like when sassy says to chance; "cat's rule and dogs drool!" lines like this i could do without, but when i was six i bet i loved that line. the storyline may seem hooky to some, but i like it. shadow as the older dog who's preparing chance to take over for him when he's gone is really moving when you think about it. it reminded me of my childhood dog. i think everyone can find a piece of themselves in "homeward bound."
the color purple is about the struggles of life and the love that helps those people strongly affected by the struggles of life. every character had an element of the color purple in them. the movie touches on love, lost, hope, hate, and triumph. whether it be celie having lived through hell and losing her sister, and shug coming into her life to show her love again, albert not being man righting his wrong toward celie, shug shunned by her father and confesses to him in the end, sofia and her stubborness good and bad, and even nettie, they had their emptiness and hardship through the film but was overcome in the end and that's the sign of a good movie. good job to all the cast and crew.
legend of zu is possibly the most exciting movie ive seen in recent years. it transcends all expectations and is truly a work of art. with unmatched visual sceneries and story of divine proportions, legend of zu proceeds to blow over its viewers with its majesty. this movie is wonderously crafted through the use of high tech cgi which allows fans of the fantasy genre to see their visions come to life. the acting is perfect for this type of movie; if you were an immortal with supernatural powers i would think you'd keep more to yourself. unlike the comments of many, the plot is actually quite easy to follow while maintaining a quick pace that adds a sense of urgency. anyone that cannot keep track of the different characters simply must not be paying attention since or are used to such levels of sophistication as the titanic. the plot is engaging and layered with themes so epic that they will leave you gasping for air. legend of zu is on a level of greatness so high that perhaps many people are put off by its grandeur. allow yourself to be completely engulfed within its fantastical vision and you will grow to love this movie.
this is an unusual laurel & hardy comedy with something of a split personality: at times it feels like two movies made in different styles spliced into a single short. happily, each portion is funny in its own right, and the boys' seemingly effortless clowning carries the day and synthesizes the film's disparate elements into an entertaining whole. while i've never heard a fan cite dirty work as his or her favorite laurel & hardy comedy, it's nonetheless one that everybody seems to like. our story is set in the home of professor noodle, who represents one key element of the story-line: a wildly over-the-top parody of mad scientist scenarios. this marks a rare venture into sci-fi territory for l&h; abbott & costello and the three stooges tangled with mad doctors far more often than stan & ollie. in any event, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and the occasional dry quip. meanwhile, stan & ollie are chimney sweeps who show up at the professor's home the very day he perfects his solution. "their" portion of the film consists of characteristic (but first-rate) slapstick involving the chimney, the roof, shovels, and a number of unfortunate mishaps. if you don't enjoy watching these guys screw up a task then you probably won't like dirty work, but for fans of the team this movie is a feast. the highlight comes when ollie plummets through the chimney, lands in the fireplace, and is then pummeled with bricks that fall onto his head with maddening rhythmic precision, one by one. i also like the shot of ollie tumbling off the roof into a greenhouse; the process work is so slapdash i suspect it was something of an inside joke, the way w.c. fields' movies would feature the world's worst rear-projection screens. the slapstick stuff is great fun, but it's the mad scientist motif that makes this film offbeat, and two supporting players deserve a tip of the bowler hat: prolific character actor lucien littlefield is terrific as the professor, delivering his overripe lines with relish and cackling with hammy glee, while sam adams is a stitch in the less showy role of jessup the butler. as great as stan laurel and oliver hardy were in their prime, it's always worth noting that their supporting casts at the hal roach studio gave their films an enormous boost. so too, usually, did the background music of le roy shield, but dirty work marks a rare occasion from this period that a roach comedy has no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credits. mood music might have enhanced the proceedings, but no matter; this is a highly enjoyable comedy anyhow, and a prime example of what made laurel & hardy so popular in their day.
no message. no symbolism. no dark undercurrents.just a wonderful melange of music, nostalgia and good fun put to-gether by people who obviously had a great time doing it. it's a refreshing antidote to some of the pretentious garbage being ground out by the studios. of course anything with the incomparable judi dench is worth watching. and cleo laine's brilliant jazz singing is a bonus. this lady is in the same league as the late ella. this goes on my movie shelf to be pulled out again anytime i feel the need for a warm experience and a hearty good natured chuckle. just a wonderful film!
this was a favorite of my childhood - i can remember seeing it on television and thrilling to it each time. now that i'm grown up and have a kid of my own, i wanted to introduce him to this classic movie. we watched it last friday, and he liked it. during abu's fight with the giant spider, my son's hand crept over and took hold of mine - he was genuinely scared. "is he gonna beat the spider, poppa?" just watch, you'll see. he has no historical frame of reference to speak of (eight years old), so bagdad under the grandson of haroun al-raschid might as well be oz under ozma. i think he especially liked how much of the heroics and derring-do were perpetrated by the boy-thief, and not the grown-up king. in fact, if you deconstruct the film's narrative a bit, the king is the thief's sidekick, not the hero at all - which must be very satisfying to imaginative, adventurous young boys. it's definitely a period piece - i suspect that by the time he's eleven or twelve, my son will find it 'corny' or whatever word the next generation will be using by then. the love story is barely one-dimensional - as a cynical friend commented, "why does ahmad love the princess? because the narrative demands it." the willingness of abu to put himself in jeopardy (repeatedly) for the clueless, love-struck deposed king is equally improbable. but to quibble about such things while accepting flying mechanical horses, fifty-foot genies and the temple of the all-seeing eye would be fatuous in the extreme. the satisfaction of seeing the prophecy fulfilled at the movie's climax is tremendous, as is the final shot of abu triumphantly flying away on his (stolen) magic carpet, seeking "some fun, and adventure at last!"
i was initially dubious about this movie (merely because of the subject), but the richly drawn characters, the fabulous scenes of the buffalo hunt, and the dramatic conclusion make it well-worth watching. i initially had trouble distinguishing between the two buffalo hunters but as the movie progressed they increasingly distinguished themselves. i am still haunted by the final scene.
freebird is the perfect marriage of road trip comedy, gang caper, "stoner" film and feel-good british movie. it is the brilliant lead characters that set this movie apart from other films in this genre. stars phil daniels, gary stretch and geoff bell have a great chemistry and make their characters hugely likable and realistic. the main story centres around their road trip from london to wales, and the adventures and mishaps that occur along the way. this small film also has a great heart - it is not just for bike fans, as it bases around the character's relationships with each other including dreams and regrets, such as gary stretch's fred longing for the family he left behind. the cinematography is also great - a love letter to the welsh countryside as well as capturing the grittiness of london streets and typical pub life in the welsh country towns. stylish, slick, fantastic soundtrack, likable characters and funny storyline - i would recommend freebird in a heartbeat!
meatball machine is an amazing splatter film, it has an original plot with young love, buckets of blood, and weird alien creatures that mutate people into freakish robotic war machines. now the film isn't for everyone, people who love splatter films or the movie tetsuo: the iron man will applaud it. the special effects can be cheesy at some points of the film, but your not exactly suppose to take the film very seriously. yet, all in all it's a lot of fun, well if you find budding romantics infested with slimy tumor like gobbles who seek to destroy each other in bloody alien oozing battles.
illudere (to delude) comes from latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet i feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, i was able to finish the book it was a revelation! at the beginning i was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing (i really started to love le carre after that novel). the main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? after this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of green's 'our man in havana' wrote by lecarre with 'the tailor of panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. there is no smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. the bbc has done a superb work with these series from lecarre's novels: the actors are excellent, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is brilliantly adapted. be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste is bitter.
it is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this. it's truly one of the best acted, most tightly structured films i've ever seen. every line of dialogue can be interpreted in several ways, relating to each of the three main characters differently. the film weaves an intrinsic web of motivations and double crosses that snare you and refuse to let go. add to this that the slow-burning romance between kevin and faye is as moving as anything that's ever been committed to celluloid and you have the ingredients for a perfect film. it exposes the romance of movies such as "titanic" as the trite cliches they are. if you're looking for a movie to watch while you fold laundry, this isn't it. you have to commit yourself to this film. you can't have a conversation while running in and out of the room. this movie demands your attention. treat it with the respect you deserve and you'll get a lot out of it. unless you think "titanic" is the greatest film ever.
i can admit that the screenplay isn't very good, and that it has some slow parts, but all of you critics of this movie need to learn how to have some fun. first of all, the performances are great (michael douglas, kim basinger, kiefer sutherland, and eva longoria. michael douglas proves he has still got it, and kim basinger plays a very interesting character as the cheating wife. kiefer sutherland and eva longoria, play the dynamic duo, both adding their incredible talent to the pot. and second of all, this movie is the most fun i have had in years in a theodore. its plain and simple, if you want to go to the movies, and have a lot of fun see, the sentinel.
"going berserk" is actually one of the funniest candy films i have ever seen, period. sure, it's kinda low budget, but it's a non-stop comedic tour de force. there are tons of memorable quotes. for instance, when his soon-to-be father-in-law asks him how much he earns, candy says "oh, i pull down anywhere between thirty and...eleven thousand dollars a year, sir." oh course, it is candy's delivery that sells it. just classic stuff. eugene levy also turns in a hilarious performance as a sleazy filmmaker. a clip of his horrible low budget movie "kung fu u" will have you rolling. so if you are a candy fan and want to rediscover a forgotten gem, i can't recommend this movie enough.
this one is out there. not much to say about it except that it deals with a rarely touched topic in films of beastiality. i can see why this film was banned for so long, the topics dealt within the film are still a little taboo for most of the world will say the eroticism in the film is well deserved and fits in with the mood of the film. it's a good film that is well acted and serves a purpose ...to shock the viewer and cross boundaries that we don't see to often in films. i came across this film on the net that i thought i might check out. i enjoyed the film as it is thought provoking and somewhat erotic at the same time. something you don't rarely see in films today.
anarchy and lawlessness reign supreme in the podunk hick hamlet of elk hills. the town elders deputize tough, cagey vietnam veteran aaron (a wonderfully robust and engaging performance by kris kristofferson) and several of his fellow vet buddies to clean up the place. the plan goes sour when aaron and his cruel cronies decide to take over elk hills after they get rid of all the bad elements. it's up to aaron's decent do-gooder brother ben (amiably played by jan-michael vincent) to put a stop to him before things get too out of hand. writer/director george ("miami blues," "gross pointe blank") armitage whips up a delightfully amoral, cynical and wickedly subversive redneck drive-in exploitation contemporary western winner: he expertly creates a gritty, no-nonsense tone, keeps the pace brisk and unflagging throughout, and stages the plentiful action scenes with considerable muscular aplomb (the rousing explosive climax is especially strong and stirring). the first-rate cast of familiar b-feature faces constitutes as a major asset: victoria principal as ben's sweet hottie girlfriend linda, the fabulous bernadette peters as flaky saloon singer little dee, brad dexter as the feckless mayor, david doyle as a slimy bank president, andrew stevens as an affable gas station attendant, john carpenter movie regular charles cyphers as one of the 'nam vets, anthony carbone as a smarmy casino manager, john steadman as a folksy old diner owner, paul gleason as a mean strong-arm shakedown bully, and dick miller as a talentless piano player. moral: don't hire other people to do your dirty work. william cronjager's slick cinematography, gerald fried's lively, harmonic hillbilly bluegrass score, and the abundant raw violence further add to the overall trashy fun of this unjustly neglected little doozy.
the zenith of two brilliant careers. david lynch, better known for less accessible material, crafts a delicate and exquisite story around the most unlikely premise. a man travels to see his estranged brother. having no other means of transportation, his journey takes him over six weeks on a lawn mower. richard farnsworth, in his last film, delivers a stunningly layered and nuanced performance in the starring role. achingly beautiful in its exultation of small things, straight story is a classic cinema experience that must not be missed. sissy spacek is notable as farnsworth's daughter, an impaired middle-aged woman living with the loss of her children.
i show this film to university students in speech and media law because its lessons are timeless: why speaking out against injustice is important and can bring about the changes sought by the oppressed. why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy. this is a must-see story of how apartheid was brought to the attention of the world through the activism of steven biko and the journalism of donald woods. it also gives an important lesson of free speech: "you can blow out a candle, but you can't blow out a fire. once the flame begins to catch, the wind will blow it higher." (from biko by peter gabriel, on shaking the tree).
stumbling upon this hbo special late one night, i was absolutely taken by this attractive british "executive transvestite." i have never laughed so hard over european history or any of the other completely worthwhile point eddie izzard made. i laughed so much that i woke up my mother sleeping at the other end of the house...
i was amazingly impressed by this movie. it contained fundamental elements of depression, grief, loneliness, despair, hope, dreams and companionship. it wasn't merely about a genius musician who hit rock bottom but it was about a man caught up in grief trying drastically to find solace within his music. he finds a companion who comes with her own issues. claire and des were able to provide each other with friendship and love but more importantly a conclusion to events which had shaped their life for the worst. des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star. yet he has musical genius. he also has an event in his past that has made him stagnate, while things around him literally go to ruins. his focus is creating his whale music, in fact it becomes an obsession for him. claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay. she finds hidden talents while being in des company. she also finds a mutual friend that accepts her. she learns to trust him over a period of time. these two find love with one another. not the mind blowing, sex infused kind of passion, but a love where friendship and understanding means more. for two people who have been hurt, they find trust together.
i must say that i really had no idea that i was going to sit down and watch this movie. i guess it was the fact that i had nothing better to do between class. but, for once a tv movie caught my interest. more importantly helen hunt caught my eye. i really wasn't a big fan of hers prior to this film. sure i liked twister and as good as it gets. but, something about this movie really did it for me. i would now see myself as a huge fan. this movie comes with high marks from...me. give it a chance, it won't let you down.
this movie had it all,action,comedy,heroics,and best of all some of the finest actors.gunga din will remain a classic to be enjoyed by all who like good movies.excellent picture,i have it in my collection.
kudos to the writers of this film for creating a supremely engaging drama. the curious character development is indicative of a nuanced and well schooled writing team. the audience member cannot but help but to feel that (s)he must make wrenching emotional decisions pitting the cerebral against the libidinal. the viewer has an opportunity to develop the character herself, though her predictions are rarely validated. credit is also due to the filmmakers for breathing life into the setting. the wood-shop is transformed into a unique persona as the film unfolds, with its own traits, faults, a variety of highly charged relationships, and of course a fate inexorably tied to that of the other principals. make sure to catch this one at your local art-house.
with the advent of the imdb, this overlooked movie can now find an interested audience. why? because users here who do a search on two-time academy award winner glenda jackson can find 'the return of the soldier' among her credits. so can those checking out oscar winner julie christie. fans of ann-margret can give the title a click, as will those looking into the career of the great alan bates. not to mention the added bonus of a movie with supporting heavyweights ian holm and frank finlay. any movie with so many notables in it is rewarded by the imdb, given all the cross-referencing that goes on here. so, why isn't this movie out on dvd? don't the producers realize the internet movie database is a marketing gift for such a film? and 'the return of the soldier' is definitely a gem waiting to be discovered. get with it, people.
i am a fairly big fan of most of the films that have been based on stephen king's books - this one rates as one of the scariest and most memorable. i have just finished rewatching it for about the tenth time and i still find it heart-wrenching as well as scary. the scene where gage is on a sure collision course with the monster truck is one which stands out. and the "no fair" uttered by little miko hughes near the end is a touch of brilliance.
i haven't seen bsg, i tried to watch it once in the middle of the show but couldn't get into it. however, i saw caprica rebirth yesterday i felt a little lost, so i decided to watch the pilot today and i must say i was pleasantly surprised. i think this is a promising show and the only side effect it had on me is that now i want to watch bsg as well. but what i really liked is that i didn't have to be a hardcore bsg fan to understand what's going on in caprica. from what i have read in the net, they were trying to reach the female population since bsg reached way more men, and at least in my case it worked. however, i suggest that if you are trying to watch the show do it from the beginning starting with the pilot.
well, this is probably one of the best movies i've seen and i love it so much that i've memorized most of the script (especially the scene in the storage unit when jerry lee breaks wind) and even with the script in my head i still like to watch it for jerry lee, that german shepherd is hysterical and really is put to the test to see who's smarter. the tag line holds true as well. not to mention the acting is great, though christine tucci sounds different in a whisper (check filmography under csi if you don't know what i mean). it's too bad that this movie only contained the single issue dooley and jerry lee had to work with, it would have been pretty cool to see the tricks that zeus and welles had up their sleeve.
despite being quite far removed from my expectations, i was thoroughly impressed by dog bite dog. i rented it not knowing much about it, but i essentially expected it to be a martial arts/action film in the standard hong kong action tradition, of which i am a devoted fan. i ended up getting something entirely different, which is not at all a bad thing. while the film could be classified as such, and there is definitely some good action and hand to hand combat scenes in the film, it is definitely not the primary focus. its characters are infinitely more important to the film than its fights, a rather uncommon thing in many hong kong action movies. i was really quite surprised by the intricacy of the characters and character relationships in the film. the lead character, played by edison chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex by the end of the film than i ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. the police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly. in fact, the stark and honest portrayal of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film. i don't know that i would say dog bite dog entirely subverts typical notions of bad criminal, good cop, but it certainly distorts them in ways not often seen in film (unfortunately). so many films, especially hong kong action films i find, portray police in what is frankly a very ignorantly idealized light. this is one of my least favorite things about the genre. i was pleasantly surprised to see that dog bite dog actually had some very unique, and really quite courageous, ideas to present about the police force. there are negotiation scenes in this film that i have never seen the likes of before, and doubt i will ever see again, and am sure i will remember for quite a while. also, the criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective as well, there is some documentary footage in the film of cambodian boys no older than ten being made to fight each other to the death with their bare hands, which i thought was one of the film's most powerful and moving moments. it says a lot about the reason these guys are the way they are, rather than simply condemning them. also, the relationship between chen's character and the girl he meets in the junk yard reveals a lot about his character. it wasn't until this element entered the film that i really started to see the film as an emotional experience rather than only a visceral one. there is something about most on screen relationships that doesn't quite get through to me, but for some reason this one really did. the actress does an incredible job with this role which i imagine was not easy to play. dog bite dog also features some really breathtaking cinematography, all though it is unfortunately rather uneven. there were some moments that i found really striking, particularly in the last segment of the film, but there was also a good deal of camera work that was just ok. another slight problem i had was with the pacing, which i also felt was uneven. i found a lot of the "looking for a boat" scenes to be a little alienating, all though it quickly picks up after that. the action scenes are short and not too plentiful, but are truly powerful and effecting, particularly towards the end. the fight choreography is honestly not all that impressive for the most part, all though to its credit it is solid and fairly realistic, but the true strength is the emotional content behind the fights. the final scene, while not a marvel of martial artistry or fight choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights i have ever seen, and i've seen quite a few martial arts films. i suppose the biggest determining factor of whether or not one will get much out of dog bite dog is whether or not you can connect with the characters. all of them are certainly some of the more flawed characters one is likely to see in a film of any kind, but there was something very human about all of them that i couldn't help but be drawn to and really feel for them, particularly chen's girlfriend. i should say that i doubt most people will like the film as much as i did simply because i imagine that most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way, but i still recommend it highly all the same. it is truly a deeply moving and effecting film if you give it a chance.
i have to say i totally loved the movie. it had it's funny moments, some heartwarming parts, just all around good. me, personally, really liked the movie because it's something that finally i can relate to my childhood. this movie, in my opinion, is geared more towards the young gay population. it shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up. all the taunting, name-calling, and not knowing is something i, like most other young feminine boys, will always remember, and now finally a movie that illustrates how hard it really is to grow up gay. so, i would definitely recommend seeing this movie. probably shouldn't really watch it until a person is old and mature enough to understand it
what is most disturbing about this film is not that school killing sprees like the one depicted actually happen, but that the truth is they are carried out by teenagers like cal and andre...normal kids with normal families. by using a hand held camera technique a la blair witch, ben coccio succeeds in bringing us into the lives of two friends who have some issues with high school, although we aren't ever told exactly what is behind those issues. they seem to be typical -a lot of people hate high school, so what? a part of you just doesn't believe they will ever carry out the very well thought out massacre on zero day. the surveillance camera scenes in the school during the shooting are made all the more powerful for that reason. you can't believe it's really happening, and that it's really happened. the hand held camera technique also creates the illusion that this is not a scripted movie, a brilliant idea given the subject matter.
i sought this film out because i'm a new frain fan and wanted to see more of his work. first of all, his irish accent is great. he's got a keen ear for dialects, it seems. his acting was marvelous, as usual. james frain aside, i thought the film was very well done. it showed the conflict in northern ireland as the *mess* it really is. both sides are guilty of grave injustices, and the men drawn into the conflict usually have very little to say about their circumstances. also, it is interesting to realise that not every man (or woman) that is supposedly fighting for his country, is really doing *just* that. for example, when kenny (james frain) asks ginger (ian hart) why he does "it", ginger can't come up with a morally acceptable answer. why? because ginger isn't in it for the noble cause of protecting his country or the rights of his fellow protestants...ginger is in it for the fun of killing. he's full of blood-lust and it's the perfect job for a guy like him. in a struggle like this there are guys like liam (john lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families...guys that see all of the fighting just begats more fighting. there are guys like kenny that are born leaders full of charisma, and they add fuel to the flames, rather they mean to or not. also, kenny genuinely believes in the "cause". he believes what he is doing will make a difference in the future...which is a bit odd 'cause his character seems too intelligent for it all. but, like a lot of other seemingly intelligent men, he is sucked into a gang lifestyle not even realizing it...'til it's too late. then there is ginger, a pure psycho who isn't in the fighting for any other reason but for the sheer thrill of it, which in a gangland type war makes him a valued asset, some might argue. however, now, in this film, ginger has out lasted his worth, and has become a very dangerous loose cannon. everything comes to a boiling point, and predictably, the ending is a tragic one. what makes this film worthy is that is shows both sides of this ages old conflict. being american, i can't begin to fully understand what all struggle is about. but, i do know there has to be a better way. all in all, a well acted, touching...but troubling film.
this is a very funny movie! i have no idea whether it translates well into other languages or not. however, i do think men all over the world can identify with "frank" and his thoughts to some extent! these thoughts are hugely entertaining and women will also enjoy this movie i'm sure! all cast members perform well, and this film could have been a tremendous hit all over the world if it was made in england or the us. but for those of you who are fortunate enough to understand swedish, you are in for a treat! highly recommended.
holes is not your average disney stuff- it's very, very fun, even for adults who usually cringe at the cutesy, focus-group designed "family entertainment" that uncle walt's studio passes off as live-action. perhaps the secret of this film's success is in its faithfulness to the original book, which is a little bit darker than your average kid stuff. the action begins when stanley yelnats is sent to a boys' prison camp, where all the inmates are forced to dig holes under the desert sun as a form of rehibilitation. but as the story progresses, stanley's tale becomes interwoven with that of a legendary treasure, and this adventure becomes ten times more fun than any disney movie about an all-boy prison camp has any right to be. jon voight is especially nasty and colorful, and sigourney weaver is beautiful, as always.
i saw insomniac's nightmare not to long ago for the first time and i have to say, i really found it to be quite good. if you are a fan of dominic monaghan you will love it. the hole movie takes place inside his mind -or does it? the acting from everyone else is a little rushed and shaky and some of the scenes could be cut down but it works out in the end. the extras on the dvd are just as great as the film, if not greater for those dom fans. it has tons of candid moments from the set, outtakes and a great interview with the director. anyone who has gone through making an independent film will love to watch tess (the director), dom and everyone else on the very small close personal set try to bang out this little trippy creepy film. it was pretty enjoyable and i'm glad to have it in my collection.
i don't know if this is a sitcom or not, but i agree that this is one of the greatest television shows ever. it's great that this show still airs. and i love michelle. it's cute on the episodes when she was a baby and she talked, and she sometimes said something funny. aw. this show can relate to children and teens and.. well, families as they struggle through rough times and try to work it out as a family. i don't know who would ever turn down an opportunity to watch this show with someone. i love the episode when i think her name is dd.. the older girl accidentally stole a sweatshirt, and she learned a lesson about stealing. that was a great episode. an example that this tv show shows the family working things out as a family. i recommend this show for everyone.
this is probably one of brian de palma's best known movies but it isn't his best. body double, the fury and carrie are better movies but this movie is better than blow out and obsession. de palma is very influenced by hitchcock and this movie is a take off on psycho. angie dickinson is a bored housewife who is thinking of having an affair and after her psychiatrist, played by michael caine, turns down an offer, dickinson meets a man in a art gallery and she winds up sleeping with him. after this point it's best you don't know what happens but there is a murder and nancy allen is a call girl who gets a look at the killer. dennis franz is the detective on the case who really doesn't trust allen and she has to find the killer herself. it's a pretty good movie but isn't one of de palma's best.
this show is wonderful. it has some of the best writing i ever seen. it has brilliant directing by dvid trainer who also directed another smart television series called boy meets world. this show is with out a dought one of the greatest. like three's company, roseanne, and the famous cosby show this will be on television for a long time to come. from it's perfectly crafted jokes to the great performances you would only dream of this is a wonderful show for people who lived in the seventies and the people who didn't. this show appeals to the young and the young at heart. a perfect show.
after the initial shock of realizing the guts of mr branagh to film this, i was literally shaking with the excitement of having this epic just ahead of me. i was not disappointed. so true to shakespeare and yet so accessible. it blew my mind. i always enjoy seeing, or rather listening to, branagh and it made me wonder...is this movie dubbed in other countries? that would be like painting a moustache on the mona lisa.
this film had my heart pounding. the acting was great, the erotic music and the beautiful women add up to make this one a winner. the lead actress decides to join an escort service when she realizes that her husband has no time for her. she step's into a whole new world her first client being another woman. this is a film you definitely don't want to pass up.
prc which was the lowest of the low actually struck gold with this moody little thriller. they did the same thing a year earlier with "detour" which is probably one of the finest low-budget films ever made. "strangler" is basically a one set film, filled with mist and shadows, a technique used by most poverty row studios to hide the sets, or lack thereof. but here, it works well. the ghost of charles middleton (better known as ming the merciless) lurches around the swamp killing those involved in his wrongful execution for murder and generates some sympathy from the viewer. his final victim is to be the daughter of the ferryman.....he concentrates his wrath not only on those directly involved in his fate but their relatives as well. rosemary laplanche does her usual imitation of someone in a coma that passes for her acting style. she offers herself up to the strangler in order to put a stop to the killing but as a sop to the audience, the strangler sees the goodness of her gesture as a sign that his mission is complete and he returns to the hereafter, somewhat chastened. if ulmer(who directed "detour") has directed "strangler" she would be hanging from the nearest tree and the strangler's job would be done. but who's complaining? it's not the story that is the major attraction but the shrouded sets, lighting and the general moodiness of the piece. it stands, right behind "detour", as prc's finest hour
the scots excel at storytelling. the traditional sort. many years after the event, i can still see in my mind's eye an elderly lady, my friend's mother, retelling the battle of culloden. she makes the characters come alive. her passion is that of an eye-witness. one to the events on the sodden heath a mile or so from where she lives. of course, it happened many years before she was born, but you wouldn't guess from the way she tells it. the same story is told in bars the length and breadth of scotland. as i discussed it with a friend one night in mallaig, a local cut in to give his version. the discussion continued to closing time. stories passed down like this become part of our being. who doesn't remember the stories our parents told us when we were children? they become our invisible world. and, as we grow older, they maybe still serve as inspiration or as an emotional reservoir. fact and fiction blend with aspiration, role models. warning stories. archetypes. magic and mystery. "my name is aonghas, like my grandfather and his grandfather before him." our protagonist introduces himself to us. and also introduces the story that stretches back through generations. it produces stories within stories. stories that evoke the impenetrable wonder of scotland, its rugged mountains shrouded in mists. the stuff of legend. yet seach'd is rooted in reality. this is what gives it its special charm. it has a rough beauty and authenticity, tempered with some of the finest gaelic singing you will ever hear. aonghas (angus) visits his grandfather in hospital shortly before his death. he burns with frustration. part of him yearns to be in the twenty-first century, to hang out in glasgow. but he is raised on the western shores among a gaelic-speaking community. yet there is a deeper conflict within him. he yearns to know the truth. the truth behind his grandfather's ancient stories. where does fiction end? and he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents. he is pulled to make a last fateful journey, to the summit of one of scotland's most inaccessible mountains. can the truth be told? or is it all in stories? in this story about stories, we revisit bloody battles, poisoned lovers, the folklore of old and the sometimes more treacherous folklore of accepted truth. in doing so, we each connect with angus, as he lives the story of his own life. seachd: the inaccessible pinnacle is probably the most honest, unpretentious and genuinely beautiful film of scotland ever made. like angus, i got slightly annoyed with the pretext of hanging stories on more stories. but, also like angus, i forgave this once i saw the 'bigger picture.' forget the box-office pastiche of braveheart and its like. you might even forego the justly famous dramatisation of the wicker man. to see a film that is true to scotland, this one is probably unique. if you maybe meditate on it deeply enough, you might even re-evaluate the power of storytelling, and the age-old question of whether there are some truths that cannot be told but only experienced.
i loved this movie! i am biased seeing as i am a huge disney fan, but i really enjoyed myself. the action takes off running in the beginning of the film and just keeps going! this is a bit of a departure for disney, they don't spend quite as much time on character development (my husband pointed this out)and there are no musical numbers. it is strictly action adventure. i thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone who loves disney, be they young or old.
the pilot is extremely well done. it lays out how the characters bond in future episodes. i don't think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show. it displays remarkable creativity on the writers part. although not everything was straightened out because it was the very first episode, a lot of events that happen in future seasons were demonstrated in the pilot. an example would be ross and rachels future relationship. even though the nervousness of a first episode appeared, it was overcome by an amazing plot and outstanding cast choice. bravo. a great start to an unbeatable comedy!
if ever i was asked to remember a song from a film of yester years, then it would have to be "chalo di daar chalo chand ke paar chalo" for its meaning, the way it is sung by lata mangeshkar and mohd. rafi, the lyrics by kaif bhopali and not to mention the cinema photography when the sailing boat goes out against the black background and the shining stars. the other would have to be "chalte chalte." pakeezah was meena kumari's last film before she died and the amount of it time it took can be seen on the screen. in each of the the songs that are picturised, she looks young but after that she does not. but one actor who didn't change in his looks was the late raj kumar, who falls in love with her and especially her feet, after he accidentally goes into her train cabin and upon seeing them, he leaves a note describing how beautiful they are. conclusion: pakeezah is a beautiful romantic story that, if at all possible should be viewed on large screen just for the sake of the cinema photography and songs. the movie stars the meena kumari, raj kumar and ashok kumar and is directed by kamal amrohi. kamal amrohi's grandson has now started to revive his grand father's studio by making a comedy movie.
the movie within the movie - a concept done many times in the history of cinema. it is accomplished here as well as in any. if you love carmen, you'll love this version. if you love flamenco, you'll love this version. the plot of the classic opera is played out in the actual rehearsal of the opera by a flamenco troupe. the music is authentic. the direction wonderful. if you like dancing, you'll love this version. there is tragedy. there is passion. there is intrigue. there is... carmen.
without doubt the best of the novels of john le carre, exquisitely transformed into a classic film. performances by peter egan (magnus pym, the perfect spy), rudiger weigang (axel, real name alexander hampel, magnus' czech intelligence controller), ray mcanally (magnus' con-man father) and alan howard (jack brotherhood, magnus' mentor, believer and british controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so perfect and natural, the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award. even the small parts, such as major membury, are performed to perfection. it says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to magnus and axel than to jack brotherhood and the slimy grant lederer of u.s. intelligence. i have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be mesmerized by both. if i had one book to take on a desert island, a perfect spy would be the choice above all others.
i remember the original series vividly mostly due to it's unique blend of wry humor and macabre subject matter. kolchak was hard-bitten newsman from the ben hecht school of big-city reporting, and his gritty determination and wise-ass demeanor made even the most mundane episode eminently watchable. my personal fave was "the spanish moss murders" due to it's totally original storyline. a poor,troubled cajun youth from louisiana bayou country, takes part in a sleep research experiment, for the purpose of dream analysis. something goes inexplicably wrong, and he literally dreams to life a swamp creature inhabiting the dark folk tales of his youth. this malevolent manifestation seeks out all persons who have wronged the dreamer in his conscious state, and brutally suffocates them to death. kolchak investigates and uncovers this horrible truth, much to the chagrin of police captain joe "mad dog" siska(wonderfully essayed by a grumpy keenan wynn)and the head sleep researcher played by second city improv founder, severn darden, to droll, understated perfection. the wickedly funny, harrowing finale takes place in the chicago sewer system, and is a series highlight. kolchak never got any better. timeless.
love the tv show. was hooked first time i saw it. wish i was there acting in with them. it touches reality when you love someone and you are thinking that you want to spend the rest of your life with, then at a turn of events that you meet someone else and that person is more of who you want to be with. you are in a situation were you have to choose one or the other. someone is going to get hurt, there's no stopping that. making the decision is hard but, do you want to go on being unhappy when you could have been. why go on and live a life that you thought that you wanted or thinking you are doing the right thing and you both be unhappy. that other person isn't going to wait a life time waiting, they have a life a well. making the decision that you really want will be better in the end. making the best of what you have is a good thing a well. money, cars, houses, etc....don't make you happy, having the one person that you really want to be with to share it with does.
of course, he did have to invent everything about cinematography, film directing, etc. before he could make classics like "the gardner," so i suppose he may be forgiven this initial excursion into mere sociological documentary. today we call them "home movies," and they are just as boring now as this one is
this delighted audiences at a number of film festivals, and it is not hard to see why. director yang zhang, with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors, xu zhu as the father, master liu; quanxin pu as the elder son, da ming; and especially wu jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son, er ming, spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart. the film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of beijing. he puts some money in a slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he's a car at the car wash. this is the future symbolically speaking, and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past. agrarian china is giving way to industrial china. pollution? cultural revolution hang-over? industrialization blues? no way. what we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men. yet i wonder how the chinese government views this film. on the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of china and its people. it is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied. yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good. i think yang zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may. tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages, where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days, where they can relax and play chinese chess and stage cricket fights, where the master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will. enter back on the scene the older son, da ming, who is polished, well groomed and taciturn. he is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. he represents modern china with his tie and his briefcase, his cell phone and his education. he has only returned because he thought his father was dying. when he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career. but then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that da ming sees the value of the natural, people-centered life that his father and his brother have been living. and so yang zhang reconciles the old and the new, and does so in such a charming manner that i will not object, especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed. one of the nice things he does that i miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends. the bathhouse regular who sings "o sole mio" in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him, much to the delight of er ming, finds that he can't sing in public because of stage fright. near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from er ming. and the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because...well, he tells a tale to master liu before he confesses the real reason. but liu understands and again before the movie is over, husband and wife are reconciled. this kind of "happy ending" movie-making is unusual in today artistic and international films, or in almost any film directed at adults. some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences. and some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended. here however the audience is delighted. see this especially for the comedic performance by wu jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have.
this group of english pros are a pleasure to watch. the supporting cast could form a series of their own. it's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. only the superior acting skills of francesca annis, michael kitchen, and the sexy robson greene lift this from the trash category to a very enjoyable "romp". the only quibble is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering francesca annis would fall in love and actually marry michael kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a british sex symbol. you can readily understand why robson green would light her fire, with apologies to the "doors". the guy who almost steals the show with a great "laid back" performance is owen's father david bradley. watch him in "the way we live now", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. daniela nardini as kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. conor mullen, and julian rhind-tutt, as green's sidekick surgery buddies as i've said could have their own series. they are that good. the whole thing is a great deal of fun, and i heartily recommend it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue.
one of the better vance films succeeds more on interesting plot and artful direction by none other than michael curtiz. this time around a generally hated financier is found dead - shot in the head - in his locked and bolted bedroom on the upper floor. philo vance, hearing of the situation while about to set off for italy, decides to end his vacation and try to solve what he thinks is a murder and what everyone else is considering a suicide. william powell is as affable a philo vance as you will find. he never seems to press and is always very smooth in what he says and does. powell is aided by a host of very talented actors - some first-rate character actors and actresses like mary astor as a niece that hated her uncle, ralph morgan as the dead man's secretary, paul cavanaugh as a rival dog fancier, arthur hohl as a mysterious butler, helen vinson as the next door kept blonde, and two really good performances by james lee as the chinese cook and portly eugene palette as a wise-cracking police detective. add into the mix a wonderfully comedic turn by etienne girardot as a public coroner always missing his meal. it is this depth of suspects and a story that has many plots twists and turns that make the kennel murder case a fast-moving, fun mystery.
pressburger and powell's greatest movie. david niven plays the raf bomber pilot who misses his own death but is granted a second chance at life when heaven notices that he is awol and dispatches an angel to investigate. the scene when the young soldiers, men and women, black and white, all killed in action, arrive in heaven to be processed for eternal life is unbearably poignant. watch out too for roger livesey, a deeply under appreciated actor, and kim hunter as the love interest (later, of course, zira in planet of the apes). incidentally, steven spielberg cast the actress who played the chief angel (kathleen byron) as the elderly wife of the eponymous private in saving private ryan half a century later, an act that speaks volumes for his cinematic literacy.
i must admit, i was expecting something quite different from my first viewing of 'cut' last night, though was delighted with the unexpected australian horror gem. i am a true horror fan as true as they come, and found 'cut' to not only be the best of the genre australia has ever produced, but one of the great parody/comedy films of late. my only concern is that mainstream audiences may not pick up on a lot of the comedic elements - the film was not overly clever in it's application but made me laugh at every turn trying to fit in every possible cliche of the horror genre they could. i am certain this was intended as humour....hoping this was intended as humour. and of course, there was the gore. the use of the 'customised' garden shears was brilliance - besides the expected stabs and slashes. in short, there was a huge amount of variety and creativity in the many violent deaths, enough to please even the skeptics of this films worth. the appearance of both kylie minogue (short that her appearance was) and molly ringwald was just another reason to see the film - both performances were fantastic, as well as simon bossell ('the castle') in a brilliant role as the jokey technician. all in all, i think this movie is one of the best horror products of the last couple or years, as well as a beautiful satire/parody - toungue-in-cheek till the very end. loved it. go see it!
peter m. cohen has a winner satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. the critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as "offensive" and "raunchy" only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. it is in the tradition of what i call "reality based" satire following in the footsteps of "in the company of men," "chasing amy", "your friends and neighbors" and "two girls and a guy". cohen's dialogue is hilarious and i was continually intrigued by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today's conversations. brian van holt, zorie barber, and jonathan abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (superbly played by judah domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (amanda peet). underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far more satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products.
saw this as previous viewer by accident, i have watched it twice now. i thoroughly enjoyed it, no silly thought provoking messages just plain good fun entertainment, good songs, good characters and a just a feel good film highly recommended to those of us that just like to enjoy films and not dissect them great fun for all the family here. i didn't realise rosie alvarez is played by vanessa williams, she is excellent and very sultry. the songs like one boy and one last kiss are really enjoyable to listen to and to tap your feet to jason alexander is the complete contrast to his character in pretty woman ans is very good. tyne daley still sticks in my mind from cagney and lacey and her voice and accent still had that remembrance in it. overall i just loved it and will be looking to purchase it if it is available
according to the director this movie was popular in asia. it is somewhat difficult to take these mats helge movies seriously since most of his films are shot on a very tight budget. almost no usd at all. but it is fascinating to establish that mats helge eventually completes something which can be called an action movie. the ninja mission is - i think - the best one among all movies directed by him. some special effects are quite enjoyable. this is not a "b" or "c" movie. it is a "z" movie - but an enjoyable and fun "z" movie!
mat spirogolou's (toby malone) family know he is a talented footballer, and are pleased when he secures an audition to join a big club. they hope that when he arrives in the city his cousin will look after him. but the cousins are like chalk and cheese: one a naive farm boy, the other a streetwise spendthrift who has managed to get mixed up with drug dealers and gangsters. mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day. having missed his cousin george (damien robertson) on arrival in the city, mat encounters further trouble when a young biker takes him for a ride in more ways than one. toby malone, probably better known for his work in theatre, puts in a commendable performance as the bucolic teenager. there are telltale signs of a low budget, but as with so many other low-budget movies there's more fun, seemingly more spontaneity, and more charm, than there is to be seen in the average hollywood blockbuster.
it's great to see jorja fox in a role where she gets to smile a lot. also loved hearing her sing. nice change to see her out of her csi/west wing/er roles. the movie itself was entertaining, but it seemed skip some explanation in a lot of parts. several of the characters seemed to be miserable one minute and happy the next and it was left up to your imagination to figure out why. each character was quirky though and in some cases, i couldn't wait to see what they would do next or hear what they would say next. this movie wasn't full of squeaky clean people, but rather complicated realistic people who could make mistakes, feel bad about them and then find a way to fix them.
fred gwynne, al lewis, sid caesar, and yvonne de carlo star in this funny, funny movie. the late fred gwynne is truly wonderful as herman munster who lives with grandpa munster (al lewis), wife lily (yvonne de carlo), and his son and daughter. sid caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the munster family. when the wax figures of herman and grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. the two now have to clear their names before it's too late. you'll laugh out loud just like i did.
bugs life is a good film. but to me, it doesn't really compare to movies like toy story and stuff. don't get me wrong, i liked this movie, but it wasn't as good as toy story. the film has the visuals, the laughs, and others that toy story had. but the film didn't feel quite as... i don't know, but i thought it was still a pretty good film. a bugs life... i don't want to say this, is a film that i don't remember. i saw it years ago. of course, i haven't seen toy story in years, but i still remember it. i shouldn't have reviewed this film, but i am. i am giving it a thumbs up, though it's not exactly the best work pixar has done. a bug's life:***/****
... but i enjoyed this show anyway. i've been reading some of the comments prior reviewers have had to say about this show, and i'm having a hard time completely nullifying all the criticism in my own head (except one: that the show was stale; this program was anything but stale). a lot of the stuff people take issue with about this show is on the money: pretentious; forced; overwrought; desperate for attention; self-satisfied; annoying ever-present narration. but you know what? i really liked it. it was different, it was original, it really, really tried; and that made up for all the minuses. the show was bright, verbal, quick, witty, interesting, fun to look at ... you know, it was only on once a week, i could take it once a week and look forward to it and enjoy it. i will mourn its passing. but i guess nobody will be bringing this back to life.
beyond the excellent direction,production,acting & the predictable drama lies an essential message in the script: "listening leads all the way" in order for the voice to flourish,listen.to harmonise with other in voice,listen. in order to approach yourself,listen.to discover the needs of any situation or others,listen. it appears that the script writers are conveying a "life's secret".listening leads to an awareness of one's self. it awakens the other senses, especially vision & expands the horizon.one's soul too can be discovered. the artistry of this movie "as it is in heaven" magnificently displayed the unfolding of life,not only its joy & sadness,but ultimately the hope of life. all this by the leading character's first instruction to the choir; "just listen,it leads all the way"
dudley moore is fantastic in this largley unknown classic. this film is very witty film that relies hugely on the actors talent. without dudley moore, john gielgud, liza minnelli, and a few others, this film could have been a disaster. it is not always well shot and at times has some very corny music that tries to force a mood (the "psycho"-like music at the wedding fight), but the acting overcomes it. the character arthur is hilarious, with his drunken comments. but he develops well into a more mature, well rounded character as he learns to live by his own free will. the end is fairly corny, though. i wont give it away, but it could be improved. worth seeing many times.
i've waited to see this movie for a long time and at last i could manage to see it in istanbul film festival. maybe because i expected too much from this film and that's why i was slightly disappointed. i was not the best movie from korea but still it is really worth watching. the subject was nice and the film makes you keep watching without getting bored though it is long. but there are gaps in the movie and you jump from one point to another. however, the acting of jeon do-yeon is incredibly beautiful. it was was one of the best performances in the early cinema history and i think this movie wouldn't be that nice if she was not in the leading role.
mysterious murders in a european village seem the result of the vampire bat horde plaguing the terrified community. this surprisingly effective little thriller was created by majestic pictures, one of hollywood's poverty row studios. the sparse production values and rough editing actually add to its eerie atmosphere and lend it an almost expressionistic quality. overall, it leaves the viewer the feeling of being caught up in a bad dream, which is appropriate for a thriller of this sort. even though the eventual explanation for the hideous crimes is quite ludicrous and is not given proper plot development, the film can boast of a good cast. grave lionel atwill gives another one of his typically fine performances, this time as a doctor doing scientific research in an old castle. beautiful fay wray plays his assistant in a role which requires her to do little more than look lovely & alarmed. dour melvyn douglas appears as the perplexed police inspector who also happens to be, conveniently, miss wray's boyfriend. maude eburne, who could be extremely funny given the right situation, steals most of her scenes as miss wray's hypochondriac aunt. elderly lionel belmore plays the village's terrified burgermeister. and little dwight frye, who will always be remembered for his weird roles in the frankenstein and dracula films, here is most effective as a bat-loving lunatic.
this is a 'sleeper'. it defines nicholas cage. the plot is intricate and totally absorbing. the ending will blow you away. see it whenever you have the opportunity.
this is a great movie to see with your girlfriend. my friend and i both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. we had to get it. with no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night. i would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie.
david duchovny plays the lead role in this film.now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.very unfair to say the least.david made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. dr eugene sands(duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.by sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire raymond blossom.however the fbi take an interest in using eugene to snare blossom. angelina jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.she puts in a solid performance. timothy hutton playing blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.his familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film
i have to say that this was not very exciting but talk about fashion and weird ways to solve a mystery. a little too simple, nancy drew (emma roberts) uses imdb... that's fantastic! i really liked about that part of the movie... corky (josh flitter) is however extremely hilarious... and ned nickerson (max thieriot) seemed really hopeless... he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him... alright, this movie is tour and fashion in disguise. anyhow, i recommend this movie, just for summer fun. encore nancy, just for fun. more teen spy movies by emma roberts.. spymate... remember? she's becoming good at this tricky detective work.
i really enjoyed this movie. most of the reviews have been bad, but most critics think a movie should be like an idea drama. this movie has a little bit of drama, but the rest is just clean fun and very entertaining. forget about julia roberts being a pretty woman, emma roberts is a beautiful young lady and there is more to her than just that. emma was so much fun to watch in the role of nancy drew. it is good to see a new face. i believe she will go far. nancy drew may not be based upon the books, but the story is still good. there is also a good blend of other character actors and supporting actors like pat carroll, barry bostwick, rachel leigh cook and chris kattan - not credited. i'm surprised disney did not release this movie. some people may not like this movie because it does not contain sex, violence, and cursing. this is a good family film which is rare in this day in time. so take your family, see this movie and judge for your self how good it is. i can't wait for the sequel.
this is the best mob film ever made. it deserved more then what it got at the oscars. nominated for things like its score, art direction, supporting role (newman), this film could have easily been nominated for best picture, director (mendes), actor (hanks), supporting actor (newman and law) and won!! hanks gives one of his best performances, and the kid who played michel jr. was so good that i'm surprised i don't see him in more movies today. critics themselves didn't give this film enough credit. but besides the incredible performances, another real star of this film is the incredible music. this was by far the best score of the year. it was nominated but didn't win. this is a great film that should be seen by everyone. my grade-a+
the us state dept. would not like us to see this movie, because they have a beef with the iranian govt. however, it shows us just how civilized iran really is, despite the content of the film, which centers on the struggle of women there for equal rights in the simplest of terms: the ability to watch a soccer game at the stadium, which is strictly limited to male audiences alone. the film is hilariously funny, and in and of itself is proof of freedom of speech and expression in iran. i enjoyed this movie intensely. five girls try to penetrate the police border at the ticket gates to a soccer match between iran and bahrain. the ensuing comedy is too funny to describe, from the bus trip to the stadium, to the interceding of the police and subsequent detention of the girls, to the resulting end. don't miss this classic film. its a must see. one of the best foreign films i've seen in years.
with very little screen time and money, dan katzir manages to do so much. this movie, in its heart-warming simplicity, touches the beauty of love from a fresh angle. rejuvinated lust
russell, my fav, is gorgeous in this film. but more than that, the film covers a tremendous range of human passion and sorrow. everything from marriage to homosexuality is addressed and respected. the film makes the viewer realize that tolerance of other humans provides the route to saving humanity. fabulous love story between lachlin and lil. i replay their scenes over and over again. anyone who has ever been in love will empathize with these people. all characters are cast and portrayed excellently.
this is one of my favorite family movies. loved it when i was little and it still holds up with me now that i'm older. i still laugh at all the same old jokes and might even shed a tear a times. i never have much cared for animals talking, or at least un-animated ones but this one i'll stand up for. it's a pretty old movie but it will always hold a place in my heart. there aren't any other live animal movies that i can think of at the moment that i even could compare with, let alone like as much as this one. i might be giving too much praise to this movie but i don't think show. i really holds that great message that" home is where the heart is." or at least that's the message i gained from it. definitely recommended for a good old family movie night.
although lang's version is more famous,borzage's work is not devoid of interest ,far from it:its "celestial" sequences are even better.the metaphor of the train (perhaps borrowed from the ending of abel gance's "la roue" ) is eventually more convincing than the "up above" heavenly world. borzage's tenderness for his characters shows in marie's character and love beyond the grave is one of his favorite subjects (the ending of "three comrades" ).the amusement park seems to be everywhere: we see it even when we are in marie's poor house.i do not think that the sets are that much cheesy,they are stylized to a fault.the fair from a distance almost gives a sci-fi feel to the movie. borzage never forgets his social concerns: in the heavenly train going up,the rich cannot stand to be mixed up with the riffraff but as "chief magistrate" tells :"here there's no more difference" . not a major work for borzage (neither is lang's version),but to seek out if you are interested in the great director's career.
this movie should be required viewing for all librarians or would-be librarians. all of the best lines are directly related to librarianship. the public library vs. academic library argument is a classic argument waged among librarians and library school students. it also breaks many librarian stereotypes. librarians might even be capable of having fun -- even if they don't *usually* have sex in the romance languages section! (the best movie about librarians? desk set, with katherine hepburn and spencer tracy, of course.)
this is a strange, cerebral, surreal, esoteric film. if there is such a thing as "intellectual horror" cinema, this film is it. i started to get scared and wish there was someone else watching it with me, and it barely has a plot! i'm going to have to see this film again multiple times before i feel i really understand it. if you're the kind of person who likes "my dinner with andre" and films by godard, or if you do a lot of mind-altering drugs, you will probably enjoy this film. wow.
normally the best way to annoy me in a film is to include some reference to orson welles. but here is a sci-fi comedy quoting the war of the worlds broadcast.... and it is gold! the very concept of a small bunch of diminutive,aggressive and stupid aliens being mistaken as kids in halloween dress is magnificent. don't be fooled by the notion that because it seems like a kids' movie it is unsophisticated - it isn't, there's a lot of hidden treasure... a gem!
during a kurt weill celebration in brooklyn, where do we go from here? was finally unearthed for a screening. it is amazing that a motion picture, from any era, that has weill-gershwin collaborations can possibly be missing from the screens. the score stands tall, and a cd of the material, with gershwin and weill, only underscores its merits, which are considerable. yes, the film has its problems, but the score is not one of them. ratoff is not in his element as the director of this musical fantasy, and fred macmurray cannot quite grasp the material. then, too, the 'modern' segment is weakly written. but the fantasy elements carry the film to a high mark, as does the work of the two delightful leading ladies - joan leslie and june haver. both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work. as a world war ii salute to our country's history - albeit in a 'never was' framework, the film has its place in hollywood musical history and should be available for all to see and to find its considerable merits.
as with all of angelopoulos' films, "the suspended step of the stork" implicitly demands a close and intimate participation on the part of the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. dialogues are sparing, with no monologues or exchanges exteriorizing the characters' inner conflicts, doubts, or feelings. the filmmaker prefers to keep the viewers away from their own emotional responses, and instead forces them to explore and study the characters' identities for themselves. as a result, the acting is understated and implicit, as opposed to overt and explicit. the action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor, by probing his or her own psyche. as in a novel, where the drama rests entirely on the author's writing to provide a template where the reader's imagination and/or past experience flourish, angelopoulos' drama rests within his images: his uses of the long shots, the long takes, the leisurely pacing, the sparing dialogues that have become his trademark, inviting the viewer to experience the film from his or her personal perspective. angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, reverting to the non-verbal language of gestures, gazes, sounds, and music, when he believes that words can only take us so far. the music, by angelopoulos' long time collaborator, eleni karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but becomes itself a dramatic element of the story. a large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle, subdued colors, recorded in a drab winter light. angelopoulos presents us with an "other greece," one far different from the greece of the tourist brochures, with ethereal blue skies and emerald seas, drowned in an eternal sunshine. here, the skies are covered and gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sands of the pristine beaches have been replaced by the trampled, dirty snow of the village streets. angelopoulos' genius through arvanitis' camera is on display throughout the film. "the suspended step of the stork" is above all else a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the balkans at the end of the twentieth century. it is deeply concerned with the meaning of "borders," and with those who are the victims of the confusion between nations. in the "waiting room" facing the albanian border, the refugees, political or other, outcast by the rest of humanity, wait. they may be stuck against a political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them, and hang on, deeper ancestral borders: those of the languages, of the customs, and of the races. although angelopoulos' political views are well known, the film steers clear of any political discourse regarding the causes of the refugees' plights. in the process, angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political, and personal "borders." angelopoulos considers himself a historian of twentieth century greece, and he likes to bring lessons from the hellenic myths into his discussions. in this film, he does some border crossing himself between the greek and italian cultures, drawing from a combined homeric and dantesque tradition of odysseus' travel. alexander is a telemachus, in search of a story about an aging greek politician/odysseus who disappeared, never to be heard of again. this political man, a brilliant orator, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife, and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the low. he became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world. of course, the "politician" is not alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before alexander like a father figure/odysseus. as with homer's telemachus, alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. of course, it would be wrong to try and see in the film a retelling of homer's odyssey in a contemporary context. angelopoulos draws on odysseus's travels only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. in angelopoulos' ending, "odysseus" is more like the dante's odysseus: he does not leave for ithaca but goes on, "carrying a suitcase." and alexander/telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or embarking on a voyage to "somewhere else." he states as much, in a voice-over at the beginning of the film, paraphrasing few lines from dante's "inferno": "and don't forget that the time for a voyage has come again. the wind blows your eyes far away." finally, although angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a greek orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of the yellow-suited linesmen, who go around bettering things for their fellow human beings by reconnecting communications, and also the christ-like figure of the "politician." in the final scene, these men in yellow demonstrate once more the byzantine iconography's influence in angelopoulos' work. they appear like "stylites," religious figures found in the orthodox tradition, solitary and fervent men who took up their abode upon the tops of pillars, in a form of asceticism. the film ends without a resolution as to the true identity of the character played by mastroianni. angelopoulos does not give us any clues, and the wife's statement, "it's not him," is far from convincing and left ambiguous enough. the important question of the film is not whether he is or is not the vanished politician, but that he could be the politician. but the film still ends on an optimistic note. whereas the wires strung from pole to pole run only along the river, and thus communications across the border are still not possible, and it remains impenetrable, we note that this final scene is taken from a point of view across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the reverse tracking shot is inviting alexander and the viewer to follow beyond the boundary. on this account, angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow, some of the borders will eventually crumble.
despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation, this is probably one of most uninspiring disney films i've seen, and i don't slam disney films very often. spirit is a wild stallion who repeatedly gets captured, either by the cavalry or by indians, both of which try to "break" him. spirit ends up forming a bond with the indian, and that, in a nutshell, is the story. with exception to the beautiful animation of the horses, neither i or my five year old were very inspired or excited by this film. it's ironic that it's titled "spirit", as spirit is what this film could have used a bit more of. an extra point was given for the soundtrack, which was enjoyable, with songs by bryan adams and hans zimmer. and although this film is rated g, you will still probably have to end up explaining what "breaking a horse" means to your five year old. i did.
from the excellent acting of an extremely impressive cast, to the intelligently written (and very quotable) script, from the lavish cinematography to the beautiful music score by carter burwell, rob roy offers a rarity in movie going experiences: one that is nigh impossible to find fault with in any area. there have been several comparisons made with braveheart, which came out the same year. with all due credit to mel gibson, braveheart struck me as too much of a self-conscious and preachy epic to rival rob roy as the kind of movie i would care to see more than once. while braveheart works hard to be a serious epic, rob roy just grabs you and absorbs you into its tightly edited storytelling. not a single scene is wasted. rob roy contains the perfect balance of dramatic tension, action and even occasional humor. the characters are well fleshed-out, perfectly conveying vernacular and mannerisms that anchor them in their authentic period setting. further, they are not caricatures of good and evil as we all too often observe in even modern film. for example, while we hope the heroic rob roy prevails, we realize his predicaments are products of his own pride and sense of honor. tim roth plays one of the most hateful bad guys in the history of cinema, yet there are moments when we can understand how the events of his life have shaped him into becoming what he is. rob roy employs a level of character development that makes its story even more believable and gripping. rob roy is a delightful treasure, featuring one of the greatest sword fights ever choreographed and a climatic ending worthy of all the tense anticipation.
this film is fun, if your a person who likes a good campy feature film every now and then. by no means is this movie fine cinema, but if you dont take things too seriously, and can laugh at yourself once in a while, elvira is a good frownbuster.
the ancient mariner is a truly classic piece of work, as the original poem was/is. the context/setting with the old mariner himself is fine, clear, and without pretense. the artistic work that accompanies the reading of the poem fits perfectly the time/period of the setting and of the work itself, carrying the audience into the period with a still, yet moving accompaniment, using excellent still-movement strategies only well conquered by the pre-mtv era producers and much less apparent in more current works. (mtv brought to television and video a static movement that races through, often irrelevant cuts, from theme to theme without forward movement and without clear relationships to theme or storyline.) the voice, intonation and vitality of redgrave's reading brings this touching poem to life with all its fear, strife and pain. in addition, the smooth movement of the video emphasizes the cadence and occasional monotone (in this case a positive mood under the theme of the story itself)of the author's rendition of the ancient mariner's sad and spooky tale. this is a must for any love of classic poetry, the sea, a tall tale, that almost rings true, and a story that has left a lasting impact on our world and culture. who does not understand the meaning of an "albatross"? or the concept of "water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink?" a truly fine experience. thank you mr. dasilva for bringing this to life for us, never to be forgotten.
sniper gives a true new meaning to war movies. i remember movies about vietnam or wwii, lots of firing, everybody dies, bam bam. "sniper" takes war to a new level or refinement. the movie certainly conveys all of the emotions it aims for - the helplessness of humans in the jungle, the hatred and eventual trust between beckett and miller, and the rush of the moment when they pull the trigger. a seemingly low-budget film makes up for every flaw with action, suspense, and thrill, because when it comes down to it, it's just one shot, one kill.
a hilarious and insightful perspective of the dating world is portrayed in this off beat comedy by first time writer/director peter m. cohen. the story unfolds as the four male protagonists meet weekly at the local diner to confer about their dating woes. we meet brad: a good-looking, wall-street playboy with a quick-wit and sharp tongue; zeek: a cynical, sensitive writer; jonathan: a sexually perplexed nice guy with an affinity for hand creams and masturbation; and eric: the married guy, who cherishes his weekly encounters with his single friends in hope for some enlightenment to his boring and banal married existence. the trials and tribulations of the men's single lives in new york are amusingly expressed, mirroring that of sex in the city and hbo's new comedy the mind of married man, and bring an astute light to scamming. the story takes a twist as the three singletons meet mia--wittily played by amanda peet-and all fall for her. she seduces them each with her uncanny ability to conform to the personalities' they exhibit. when they come to realize they have all met and fallen in love with the same woman, they chose her over their friendship. whipped is a realistic portrayal of the dating world, one that the critic's failed to recognize. in plain language, they missed the point. the protagonist's here are caricatures of real people. the exaggerations are hysterical, mixing satire and humility, and are not to be taken as seriously as the critic's disparagement suggests. see this movie, you'll laugh from start to finish.
greta garbo's american film debut is an analogy of how our lives can be swept off course by fate and our actions, as in a torrent, causing us to lose a part of ourselves along the way. greta plays leonora, a poor peasant girl in love with ricardo cortez's character don rafael, a landowner. ricardo is in love with her too, but is too easily influenced by his domineering mother. leonora ends up homeless and travels to paris, where she becomes a famous opera singer and develops the reputation for being a loose woman. in reality, part of her attitude is bitterness over rafael's abandonment. she returns to her home to visit her family and eventually confronts rafael. surprisingly, no one knows that she's the famous la brunna, and garbo acts up her role as the diva she truly was and re prised with such cool haughtiness in her later portrayals. ricardo cortez reminds one a lot of valentino in looks in this part, and he was groomed to be a valentino clone by mgm, though he never thought he could be in reality and he was right. he is believable in an unsympathetic part as a weak willed mama's boy, and allows himself to age realistically but comically at the end of the movie. he fails to win leonora when she returns home, and later when he follows her, his courage is undermined. this movie is beautifully shot, with brilliant storm sequences and the sets depicting spain at the time are authentic looking. there are also some fine secondary performances by old timers lucien littlefield, tully marshall, and mack swain. although this is a story of lost love and missed chances, i don't think leonora and rafael would have been happy together, as he needed a more traditional wife and she was very much a career woman, and i don't think would have been happy in a small village. the ending is true to life and pulls no punches. see this one as garbo's american film debut and a precursor of things to come
much underrated camp movie on the level of cobra woman, etc. photographic stills resemble rembrandt prints. sometimes subtle dialog and hidden literate touches found throughout.
the emotional impact of this movie defies words. it is elegant, subtle, beautiful, and tragic all rolled into two hours. this is will smith as he matures into his acting ability, the full range of it. who knew? i saw the pursuit of happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, smith. his performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to smith, a refinement of talent, the selectivity of scripts, i'm not sure, but i view him differently now. seven pounds is one of those movies that in order to fully enjoy its essence you have to suspend your belief. don't watch it for the plot, watch it for the fragile condition of the human heart, both literally and metaphorically. it is a story of human guilt, atonement, love, and sacrifice.
from a modern sensibility, it's sometimes hard to watch older films. it's annoying to have to watch the stereotypical wallflower librarian have to take off her glasses and become pretty and stupid to win a man. especially such a shallow and inconstant man. he's obviously a player (i wouldn't trust him to stay true to her) who doesn't want to settle down, who only looks at dumb attractive women and always calls them "baby" (ick!). even after she totally changes her appearance and her life for him, he only goes to her after he's (supposedly) rejected by another woman and learns that connie spent all her money renovating a boat for him. i wanted her to stand up to him, not pathetically chase after him! his sudden conversion within a few minutes was totally unrealistic and did not work for me. apart from that subplot, i did like the movie. how can you not like sailors dancing with each other?! (you can tell they were from san francisco.... ;d) the "rehearsal" dance was great, watching ginger rogers purposefully fall in and out of the "correct steps" was great. the last dance scene "face the music" with the beautiful costumes and the art deco set was beautiful. and i really enjoyed "we saw the sea" (though they did use it a few too many times, as if they realized it was their best song). anyway, the plot was a bit weak, like most musicals (imo) - and the songs were ok, but the dancing was worth watching the film for. i wish they could have showed some shots of san francisco since that was were the film was supposedly set. it's also weird to see such a lighthearted naval film with the knowledge of what hitler was already doing at that time. i have to try to suspend all knowledge to submerge myself into a made up fantasy land.
victor mclaglen's performance is one of the finest in film history. i think we can all feel for "gypo" because we've all struggled with what is right and what isn't and been wrong. this was one of the first art-house pictures to be released by a major american movie studio (rko radio pictures). joseph h. august's cinematography is at its very best here. however, august's stunning portion was mostly overlooked; he didn't receive the oscar nomination he rightly deserved. this is a psychological drama, with thought, philosophy, sadness, all conveyed with as little words as possible.
this is a very intriguing short movie by david lynch, and saying the name david lynch is probably enough for a lot of people. this is your typical lynch short. a blonde and a brunette are in a dark room. the blonde has been crying, the brunette is talking in a threatening way to the blonde, and that's about it. with a lot of silent moments, but with the haunting music from angelo badalamenti, there is a strange form of suspense. this short feels a little like 'mulholland dr.', a movie i loved, and therefore i liked this one as well. it is probably especially for lynch fans but there is a chance you like this.
if you know the story of grey owl, you'll love the movie! annie galipeau is a great actress, and pierce is better than never in grey owl. but in this movie there's no real scene of action. i think this movie should be nominated at the oscars! welll go see this movie, it's a classic!
i went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. and it turn out into a very enjoyable, die-laughing experience! it's an excellent movie with very unexpected story, very good dialogs and crazy humor. all characters are obviously made in "alan ford" (italian satiric comic) style, but that haven't bothered me for a second. in fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite unique and interesting. sam rockwell gave very good and convincing role, willian macy too, clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant. but real star is actually guzman. he made a role of his life in this movie! the scene when his character cosimo dies in the movie, is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him! highly recommended for all "alan ford" fans!
i do see what my forebears saw in the youthful bette davis. she's splendid throughout this almost-madcap political comedy which actually stars warren williams as the political operative constantly behind on his alimony. vivienne osborne is brilliant as his ex, and i found myself rooting for her throughout. the williams character is not at all sympathetic, and he's not even a decent op. guy kibbee is one of the best at what he does. as a candidate dragged out of his sleep at a political convention and nominated to be governor in order to prevent a rival candidate from being nominated, so this whole mess is borne of internecine political warfare in a party called the "progressive party." if you're of a political mind, you will probably see a party other than the one with which you are affiliated reflected in the fictional "progressive party" of williams and kibbee. i could draw exact parallels, but we're not here for that. this is a good movie for those of us who love these old comedies. if you've ever watched any of the old wheeler & woolsey titles (half shot at sunrise, the rainmakers), you'll find frank mchugh, as williams's right arm, looking and behaving a lot like bert wheeler. he had me fooled. yes, both my wife and i recommend this one.
true, the idea for this tv series may have sprung from the immense success which ally mcbeal is enjoying worldwide, even here in germany. however, this said, edel & starck is very different from ally mcbeal in many ways. the two main characters work beautifully together. felix edel (felix noble), played by well-known german actor, christoph m. ohrt and sandra starck (sandra strong - noble & strong, get it ???), played by charming rebecca immanuel, exchange quick romantic repartees and continually spy on each other while engaging in sitcom-like criminal cases in berlin and surroundings. further, they are aided by a magnificent cast of co-stars, most notably their secretary, played by isabel tuengerthal, who is a rare gem with great comic potential. also the shady wheeler-dealer, otto, and the noble childhood pal of felix, frank, work very well, not to forget sandra's best friend and room-mate, patricia, played by the beautiful barbara demmer. all-in-all a joy to watch on monday nites: no wonder that the series and its stars have received several prizes. will felix get sandra ? i hope that we will have to wait for many more episodes to find out......
why didn't dynamo have any pants?! where did they go?? it was never explained. that's why this movie was so awesome. plus starsky gave his kids the aids!!!! great acting too. richard dawson deserved to win best supporting actor! a i d s my favorite line from the movie was "that hit the spot" a i d s. this movie was for the "birds". i tried to give this movie the "stinkeye" but it continued playing. what am i doing wrong???!!!! i thought the "hateboat" was funnnny lol ;) i would like that for a show. why wasn't dynamo wearing pants. i know his arm was skewered but... what's up with those crazy futur nets. why didn't that family feud guy ray combs get a net?? he could have used one. aidsssss
if you think "weird al" yankovic is hilarious, you won't be disappointed by the compleat al. not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of yankovic's more memorable videos ("like a surgeon" and "i love rocky road" among them), but they are inter-spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's rise to fame. yankovic is not for all tastes, but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non-fans will at least be lightly amused. die-hard fans will love it not only for its content, but also for its relatively early look into yankovic's now nearly three decade career. suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals.
as this happens to be one of most favorite novels , i was very excited to see the move. i was not disappointed! yes of course there are a few things that i could pick on , but i think that the movie stuck true to the book, and was a really good movie. it seems that stephen king films mostly get a bad review , but this is one of the good ones. it is such a dark story , which i guess is why i like it .. and what is better than the dead coming to life.. and something about animals returning from the grave is quite creepy too. if you have seen the movie do yourself a huge favor and now read the book!! it is a well written screen play , the actors could have done a better job ( i only say this for rachel , and ellie .. she was so whinny ) i liked everyone else a lot.. and most important to me .. it stuck true with the novel.
i became more emotionally attached to this movie than any other i have ever watched. that may be because i can see the characters as my own grandparents, attempting to make sense of a world at war. the ending and use of pachabel's cannon are both amazing.
"the man in the moon" is a pretty good movie. it is very touching at times and is very well done in all respects. i wouldn't say the film was terribly original, but what is these days? the cast members all did a great job with their respective roles. i really enjoyed seeing reese witherspoon at such a young age, and does quite a good job. jason london does a fine job as well. and the only other person i recognized was sam waterston, who did a fantastic job with his role. i really liked sam's character (matthew trant) a lot. at times he seemed to be the kind of father you dread, but in the end you really like his character. the rest of the cast was very good as well. if you're into touching movies about growing up and dealing with what life throws at you, then you ought to watch this film. i'd suggest reading the plot synopsis and if that sounds like something you'd be interested in, then go for it. anyhow, hope you enjoy the film, thanks for reading, -chris
i really loved it although while reading the reviews it was quite disturbing to me..but as an anime art fan i can totally understand this perfect art work even though some of it was against my cultures and believes..but hey,it's the world of art..!! the beginning of the film is very strong,strange and confusing.it's hard to understand the contents which make me respect the one who made it.only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film..it's absolutely not for kids..even though the characters are cute and adorable but they go through some disturbing adventures that cannot be erased(sorry if the spelling is wrong)from ones memory..
this is a gem of a movie not just for people who like fun and quirky premises, but who love the history and traditions of sci-fi and classic hollywood movies. each alien of the martian crew is the embodiment of a classic sci-fi character or member of hollywood royalty and it's pure pleasure watching them bounce of each other and the residents of big bean.
i don't know why some guys from us, georgia or even from bulgaria have the courage to express feelings about something they don't understand at all. for those who did not watch this movie - watch it. don't expect too much or don't put some frameworks just because this is kosturica. watch the movie without prejudice, try to understand the whole humor inside - people of serbia did actually getting married while bil clinton bomb their villages, gypsies in all balkans are always try to f*ck you up in any way they can, love is always unexpected, pure and colorful, and balkans are extremely creative. for those who claims this is a bad movie i can see only that the american's sh*t (like meet dave, get smart etc) are much much worse than a pure, frank balkan humoristic love story movie as promise me. the comment should be useful and on second place should represent the personal view of the writer. i think the movie is great and people watch it must give their respects to the director and story told inside. it is simple, but true. it is brutal, but gentle and makes you laugh to dead.
the lion king series is easily the crowning achievement in disney animation. the original lion king is the greatest masterpiece in cel animation. lion king ii:simba's pride is the by far the best direct-to-video sequel that disney, or any other studio, has made for an animated feature. it deserved a theatrical release. the same can be said for this movie. it has the original cast, songs by elton john, a hilarious story, exciting action, and touching character moments. everything you've come to expect from this series. not so much a new story, but filler and extended background on timon and pumbaa, and their place in this story. what impressed me the most, was the care taken in the animation. all to often, disney shorts on the animation quality of their video and television efforts. but here, they seamlessly blend new animation with footage from the original film. the scenes never seem out of place. nathan lane and ernie sabella are in full swing as timon and pumbaa. matthew broderick, robert guillame, and moira kelly reprise their roles as simba, rafiki, and nala, respectively. we even get a return visit by whoopi goldberg and cheech marin as the hyenas.there are many big laughs in this movie. so if you love lion king, you need this movie. the story is just not complete without it.
i recently started watching this show, and i have to say that it really made me laugh. you have to appreciate the unrealistic aspects of it, along with everything else. some other people said this show should have more realistic reactions of the dead, among other things. if you are going accept that ned can bring the dead back to life, you have to accept that the other completely crazy bits of the show. i couldn't help smiling after every episode i watched. i really think it's great there is a show out there that can take a very strange subject and really make it great to watch. i absolutely love the narration, i think it adds that extra bit of wonder to the whole show. you can't always compare old shows by a writer to his new ones, you have to take everything as it's own entity. definitely give it a chance, and just enjoy the ridiculous parts as they are.
i think it's a great movie. because you get to see how diana's life at home is. she got so much aggression, and she wants to prove that girls can fight too. i think she and adrian were great actors. because of this movie i am boxing too. it really impressed me. the only negative part i think. is the end. because it's alright between diana and adrian. but you don't get to see how it is at home. and i didn't really like it that you also don't get to see how her father is doing, and her brother. but i think it was a great movie and i think i'm going to watch it a lot more:) i recommend it to anyone, even when you don't like boxing, you get to see a lot more than only boxing. i had a great time watching it.
in a near future, the ordinary man above any suspicious from the suburb morgan sullivan (jeremy northam) is hired by digicorp, a huge corporation, to be assigned as a spy and steal secrets from their competitors, sunways. along his training, morgan is brainwashed, assumes a new identity of jack thursby and travels to boring lectures. in one of them, he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious rita foster (lucy liu), who advises him that nothing is how it seems to be. morgan acknowledges a new reality, where he does not know who can be trusted. the unknown "cypher" was a great surprise for me. this movie has not been released in brazil, but the engaging and exciting story is quite complex, with many plot points, and with great screenplay, direction and performances. in the very last twist, i recalled arnold schwarzenegger's "total recall". this movie certainly deserves to be watched more than once, and i really did not like the last scene, when the independent spy disposes the disputed disc in the sea. in only know the director vicenzo natali from the fantastic "cube", and this second work i see is also stunning. my vote is eight. title (brazil): not available
i was really looking forward too seeing this movie as it has been advertised as a must-see movie for people that love movies about nature. the movie shows different climates and the animals associated with them by starting at the north pole and going down south as the movie progresses. the footage from this movie is often breathtakingly beautiful and i many times wondered how on earth they could have taken some of the shots under water or in the sky. however beautiful, a large part of the footage i had already seen in the tv series 'planet earth', narrated by david attenborough. i found attenborough's narration of planet earth to be much better than the narration of earth. 'earth' is an easier movie. it skips much of the scientific detail that attenborough covers in his 'planet earth' series. for instance, earth will tell you that a tropical sea is an ideal nursery for a young humpback whale, because there are few predators. planet earth will tell you that a tropical sea is a good nursery, because the water is low in oxygen and doesn't contain enough nutrients to support very large animals, like large sharks, etc. to me, that's an important difference. that, together with attanborough's far superior voice make planet earth a far better documentary than earth. still, however, i think earth is worth watching for the beautiful footage and the fact that it's easier to understand makes it interesting for children too.
the simple hand camera both gives some almost documentary feeling to this film, and also relates to the dogma films. did you ever get bored of those hollywood-style cop flicks with brawny guys who get assignments james bond would be envious of? fed up with the married-living-single cop, the divorced-but-family-man, the personified doughnut and the tough hunter? ever wondered how the real police work is like? well, for germany, this film shows you. set in the north between west germany and east germany, former ddr, an laid off post office clerk starts her job, fresh from policeschool. she quickly finds her way around the usual customers, and becomes accustomed to life as a policewoman... but this is not much fun. other german crime films like derrick, der alte et cetera have dignified officers talking calmly with suspects. these cops here have to deal with the lowest on the social ladder. good dialogue and realism makes this an interesting view, even more if you know that part of germany a bit.
robert taylor as the mad buffalo hunter charlie gilson is the main character in this film. at the beginning i was thinking that charlie would end up redeeming himself like john wayne in the searchers or james stewart in the naked spur. but as the film goes along gilson keeps doing more atrocities until you realize there is no hope for him. stewart granger is sandy mckenzie, who wants to stop hunting because he realizes that the buffaloes will soon be gone and he becomes disgusted by the act of killing. gilson is a natural killer who makes no distinction between animals or human beings. debra paget as the indian girl is a surprising character considering the self imposed censorship of that time. she lies with gilson in total resignation even though she hates him. the last scene of a frozen gilson, is unforgettable.
this is a small film , few characters ,theatrical.and yet it says something about ireland that you won't find elsewhere.this film is ireland. in all it's grubiness, it's sadness,it's self-delusion.the boys , master doyle , sp o'donell, the cannon , senator doogan's daughter , gar and above all madge.i know them.i'm in the pub with them or kneeling to pray with them. they are our sad history and they are our present.
zero day is based of columbine high school massacre. and its a video diary of two boys. at first you don't know whats going to happen you think it is just a bad student film. until they start talking about the horrible things they are going to do in this quite school. until they start talking about pipe bombs and guns and going shooting in the woods. they is a lot to say about this movie. all know this film is well a film you forget you watching a film and watching a real video two boys made. the two boys act like they are in a weird cult. they burn all there stuff. like play station games books dvds homework stuff school stuff. these two boys can be anybody your friends you brothers or the people you see walking down the street. it goes through there daily actives (and that is making a gun. in the videos they make it mentions the bullying that happens to them and how people said stuff about there clothes and the things you are into i'm not saying its right but many people do do things like that. and also the thing is with this people are suspected to like it because of the sensitive topic they have chosen on this film. so thats my review on zero day. and lets just say the end shooting scene is messed up.
though it had the misfortune to hit the festival circuit here in austin (sxsw film) just as we were getting tired of things like shakespeare in love, and elizabeth, this movie deserves an audience. an inside look at the staging of "the scottish play" as actors call "macbeth" when producing it to avoid the curse, this is a crisp, efficient and stylish treatment of the treachery which befalls the troupe. with a wonderfully evocative score, and looking and sounding far better than its small budget would suggest, this is a quiet gem, not world-class, but totally satisfying.
one of the things that makes this ealing comedy so outrageously funny is the clever editing. shots that would be considered absolutely essential to most modern comedies are deliberately left out. (this is what was known as british understatement.) three instances: a comic fight is edited like this. alec guiness has invented a new cloth that will ruin the industry. half a dozen businessmen invite him to their office to try to get him to sign a contract relinquishing his control of the cloth so that production can be suppressed. when he catches on to this, guiness stands up and turns to walk to the door. two men block his way. "excuse me," he says quietly, taking a step forward. the two men move between guiness and the camera. cut. a secretary is sitting outside at her desk. there is silence until the buzzer begins signaling her frantically. she takes up her notebook and opens the door to the inner office where a full-fledged noisy donnybrook is in progress and the room is half wrecked. guiness dashes out the open door. the following example would be unthinkable today. during the research phase of his invention guiness sets up an elaborate chemical apparatus but instead of converting the experimental liquid into the new cloth, the device explodes. again and again it explodes. the laboratory is cleared of all other work. the blasts continue. ceilings fall down. windows are blown out. the director of research is seated at his desk in a tiny office cluttered with debris, a bandage on his head. when the door behind him opens he jumps a foot in the air. "sit down," he tells his visitor, "there's another one due at any moment." it is excruciatingly amusing -- and there is not a single shot of any explosions. this would be unimaginable now without a fireball, and maybe a building collapsing in slow motion. last example, consisting of a series of quick, relentless cuts, put together precisely. guiness is being pursued and is cornered in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign the contract. faced with two men about to grapple with him, guiness backs up with a determined expression. he bumps against a pedestal with an iron bust on it. the bust topples backward and bumps against the wall. there is a shot lasting about one second of the bust hitting the wall. another brief shot of a metal shield hung above the bust being jarred loose and falling down. quick cut to guiness's head rising into the frame. cut to the two men staring into the camera while horrible brass banging and thudding sounds are heard off screen. cut to guiness flat on his back. nobody today would have the cojones to not show guiness being crowned by that shield. i won't go on with this. it's a comedy alright but a pretty bitter one underneath all the hilarity. in solving one set of problems, guiness has created dozens of others. he is opposed both by management and labor, neither of which is shown to much advantage. and of course the economic implications have to do with more than cloth. "what about that car that runs on water with a pinch of something or other in it?" one of the workers asks. "vested interests," comments another worker, as thorstein veblen nods in his grave. what would happen if our problems with energy were solved overnight? if i owned shares of exxon -- and i think i do -- i'd shudder at the thought. where would the oil industry be if there were no more need for oil? for that matter, where would the police force and the fbi be if crime were to suddenly disappear? this is a thoughtful and very amusing movie, superbly directed and edited. the roster of performers is peerless. joanne greenwood with that husky voice. the blithering cecil parker. the wheezing mummified ernest thesiger. a first-rate job all around.
the movie itself made me want to go and call someone so they could enjoy it too. it was extremely funny. angelena jolie was wonderful as juliet. the parents are hilarious.they are caterers as well as enemies.the kids play the parts of romeo and juliet in the church play.they fall in love and their parents try to keep them apart.(spoiler ahead. i think) they sneak off after a party and do it. surprisingly they still want to get married in the end of the movie. if you don't like stereotypes and the defilement of classic literature don't watch. if you don't mind those you will have a blast watching this one.
i really enjoyed this. i got it thinking it was going to be a documentary, but it revealed itself as a good piece of tongue in cheek fun. i think this has been well done, pretty much an extended tv show into a film, but due to the characters or rather original actors willingness to have fun and be made fun off helps this work in a great old style innocent way. if you are a fan of the original tv series then i am sure you will enjoy this. q
"against all flags" is every bit the classic swashbuckler. it has all the elements the adventure fan could hope for and more for in this one, the damsel in distress is, well, not really in distress. as spitfire stevens, maureen o'hara is at her athletic best, running her foes through in defiance of the social norms of the period. anthony quinn rounds out the top three billed actors as the ruthless captain roc brasiliano and proves to be a wily and capable nemesis for brian hawke (flynn). for the classic adventure fan, "against all flags" is a must-see. while it may not be in quite the same league as some of errol flynn's earlier work (captain blood and the sea hawk, for instance), it is still a greatly entertaining romp.
i teach japanese for an online high school and i include cultural activities so that the students can learn about the country as well as the language. and watching "gung ho" is one of the requirements. the students can either buy or rent the movie. stereotypes or not, this helps the students to see that other people view the world and their lives differently than we do. many of my students have told me that they enjoyed the movie so much, they are going to get a copy for themselves. it is really interesting to see what we value in this culture and what they value in their culture. i just wish i could get a cleaned-up tv version. i'm not really into the crude language the auto workers use all the time.
i've been a fan of xu ke (hark tsui) for many year since school. this film is the best fantasy movie in years. i dont think "action" is the right genre, though there're lot of action and kongfu scenese. wait, did i mentioned this is an oriental fantasy moive? please, keep in mind that do not use hollywood formula to rate this film. and for the guy who "poo" around, i don't blame you, 'cause you still young and need to know more about "culture".
who would have thought that such an obscure little film could be so haunting and touching? i am really impressed. it's a shame that more people have not seen it. i loved, as always, hans zimmer's score. and what a directorial debut by bernard rose! yet i wonder if i should call this a horror film. it could easily be argued that it is a fantasy or a drama as well. well, regardless, i love the interpretive potential it has. everything and everyone in anna's (played by charlotte burke)dreams represents a real conflict in her life...the house itself, the tree, mark, the lighthouse, etc. it is the many details such as these that make the film so good for repeated viewings. i hope i come across another little movie as loaded with emotion and psychological meaning as this one some time soon.
i must admit i am a big fan of south park and was expecting basketball to be funny but nowhere near as good as it turned out to be! i think this is what happens when you mix david zucker, matt stone, and trey parker together. this movie has so much replay value and at no point bothers to take itself seriously. the slap stick style humor mixed with stone and parker just works flawlessly. the kind of humor present in basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and had it come out today it would be a hit. don't bother trying to be critical, just leave your brain at the door and expect endless laughs to come. recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.
this is one of those movies - like dave, american dreamer and local hero - that holds a viewer's interest time and again. lightweight movies seldom win oscars, but whoever did the casting for soapdish deserves one. even after one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it's still enjoyable to watch how the various plot facets develop. true, all the drama is melodrama; but that's entirely fitting for a movie with a soap opera background. my favorite line comes from whoopi goldberg: "now why can't i write sh*t like that?" i think it's unfortunate that the tv and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation.
babyface - notorious barbara stanwyck flick where she is told by the local professor type that she has power- he tries to get her to read nietzche- she says books ain't never done her no good.soon we find out her father is basically pimping her out to a local politico and others.finally she has had enough and relocates to the big city.we follow her trail of men up the ladder of success in an international bank.the dialogue is quite saucy for it's time and it was one the last films to come out before the self inflicted hollywood production code.look for a cameo by a young john wayne as one of stanwyck's willing victims.part of the forbidden hollywood collection - i watched the extended version- the dvd has both versions plus red-headed woman and waterloo bridge.an interesting movie and foreshadowing for future femme fatale roles that stanwyck would play in the era of film noir. b+
a beautiful film, touching profoundly up the simple, yet divine aspects of humanity. this movie was almost perfect, and seeing as nothing in this world can be truly perfect, that is pretty good. the only minor thing i subjectively object to, is the pacing at some points in the middle of the story. the acting is also very good, and all the actors easily top actors in high-profile films. the actual directing seems to have been well thought through, and the script must have been amazing. there are some truly breathtaking moments of foreshadowing, and a quite gorgeous continuing circular composition of the story. the moment in the movie, when the main character achieves that feeling of being in heaven is the perfect ending to a truly brilliant yarn.
i'm not tired to say this is one of the best political thrillers ever made. the story takes place in a fictional state, but obviously it deals with the murder of kennedy. a truthful and honest district attorney (played by yves montand) does not believe that the murder was planned and executed by the single man daslow (=oswald) and though all other officials want to close the case he continuous to investigate with his team. the screenplay is written tight and fast and holds the tension till the end. just the part dealing with the milgram experiment about authorities is (though not uninteresting) a bit out of place. the ending sequence - explaining who icarus really is - partly shot in slow motion and intensified by a morricone soundtrack is the most powerful sequence i have ever seen in a movie.
hi for all the people who have seen this wonderful movie im sure thet you would have liked it as much as i. i love the songs once you have seen the show you can sing along as though you are part of the show singing and dancing . dancing and singing. the song one is an all time fave musical song too and the strutters at the end with the mirror its so oh you have to watch this one
while i have a great respect for disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what i would call "must-see". atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, and thankfully lived up to my expectations. atlantis is a more "mature" disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent disney offering. the world of atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, while usually containing some reminder of harshness, become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached. the presentation of simply atlantis' landscape and setting, without some expendable cheery song, gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance. the inclusion of an atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations adds to this, and works fairly well. also, with the exception of some scenes involving mole's practical jokes, there didn't seem to be much of a "childish" element that i usually associate with disney films. instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at atlantis, as milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. part of this involves the atlantean "weaponry", which is used in a very action-packed climax which is, for lack of a better word, quite exciting. granted, not all of the story makes full sense, and the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects, but, aside from the toy story movies, this is the most entertaining disney film i've seen in years.
i almost did not go see this movie because i remember march of the penguin was not that much exciting. i went mainly because disney promised to plant a tree if i go see it on the opening weekend, but after i did go see it, it was simply amazing; the fact that the photographers can capture impossible images are simply worth your money. you also get to see different habitats, different vegetation, animals, and natural phenomenons that will not only shock you - simply because you would never expect nature to be so magical and dynamic - but also touch your souls and raise the question of humanity versus the world, of how our lives have deviated from nature to such a degree that we take for granted of the natural beauty and miracles that are quintessential to our biosphere. you don't have to be an earth lover or a tree-hugging environmentalist to appreciate the mere awesomeness of this documentary. you simply have to be a curious soul who questions the value and miracle of living. enjoy!
this movie is definately one of my favourite movies in it's kind. the interaction between respectable and morally uncorruptable characters is an ode to chivalry and the honour code amongst thieves and policemen. it treats themes like duty, guilt, word, manipulation and trust like few films have done and, unfortunately, none that i can recall since the death of the 'policial' in the late seventies. the sequence is delicious, down to the essential, living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake. no such scenes are present or needed. the argument is flowless and honest to the spectator, wich is an important asset in a genre in wich the the suspense is often achieved through the betrail of the audience. no, this is not miss marble... a note of congratulations for the music is in order a film to watch and savour every minute, not just to see.
this is a really cool movie! i remember first seeing it when i was really young and i used to watch it all the time like once a week...shadow was my favorite character in the movie. homeward bound is really funny and its really cool how they train the animals to do all those things. parts of the movie are sad though (such as when sassy, the cat, falls down the waterfall, and when shadow falls in the hole at the end.) i have seen the second homeward bound but i gotta say its not as good as the first. shadow is the smart one, sassy is, well, sassy, and chance is the funny idiot. i recommend this movie to anyone who likes comedies, or talking animals. this is one of my top ten favorite movies!
there's never a dull moment in this movie. wonderful visuals, good actors, and a classical story of the fight of good and evil. mostly very funny, sometimes even scary. a true classic, a movie everybody should see.
a convict serving time comes forward to give the cold case unit information about the murder of a policeman, committed years before. the murder of sean cooper, a good cop, was never solved. naturally, the detectives believe the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that frustrated their colleagues. in flashbacks we are taken to the baptism of james bruno's baby. sean and jimmy were partners. there is tension as sean, who is the godfather, arrives disheveled and late for the rite. eileen bruno doesn't appear to be happy being there. the real mystery is revealed by her. she caught sean, who was drinking with jimmy in the backyard, kiss her husband, and more shocking yet, jimmy responding willingly. somehow at the station the partners become the center of gossip. sean has not endeared himself to his superior because he discovered the involvement with a criminal in his area who controlled the drug business. sean realizes this man is in with the drug strong man because he always makes an excuse to free the scum bags sean and jimmy haul into the station all the time. the pressure is too much on jimmy. sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. cooper's own father doesn't want anything to do with a queer son. even his superior mccree wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because cooper comes from a long line of irish men serving in the police force. sean is killed because his homosexual condition, and for knowing too much on his peers' involvement in taking dirty money. tom petit wrote this honest portrayal of the life of a police officer in the closet and his secret love with another fellow cop. we thought it was a frank account of a serious matter no one talked about in those days. sometimes the people involved with the show, fearing reprisals from sponsors, or the networks, don't dare to present these real situations. jeannot szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue, which is dealt without the sensationalism the case might have been shown with a different team. there is a rare chad everett appearance as the older jimmy bruno. his take is right on target with a touch of sentimentality that doesn't get out of hand. shane johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as sean cooper. the cast is marvelous and it includes good all around performances from everyone under mr. szwarc's direction. in this episode, nick vera, gets closer to his neighbor, the mother of the basketball player the detective took his ball away. nick is heading for romance with the woman!
excellent warner bros effort starring errol flynn in one of his best screen performances. it's often cited as his best, and i can't really judge fully until i have seen his "dawn patrol". however, his work in "they died with their boots on" takes some beating. i'm a big flynn fan (he's my favourite actor after james mason--it also helps that he's an aussie) and i think he's just marvellous, a great screen presence and also a great actor. he is the centrepiece of "gentleman jim" as the legendary boxer with the fancy footwork, but he is also backed up by a literate, warm and funny script, and raoul walsh's direction. every walsh film i have seen never loses a beat of it's pace, he truly was a born film-maker. walsh directs the ring scenes beautifully, as he does with the lighter moments and that poignant, great final scene between ward bord and flynn. add to that great production values (the "gay nineties" never looked better!) and a lovely supporting cast and it's pretty much perfect entertainment. alan hale usually played flynn's sidekick, but here is his father, and it still all works. alexis smith is flynn's love interest. the pair are head over heels in love with fighting with each other.
hint number one - read the title as "the time of the mad dog," or perhaps dogs. this is a pretty good ensemble piece (look at the cast and rent it - you know you're curious already), and first-time director bishop gives them their chance, taking his time, letting the characters interact and chew the scenery as they wait - not enthusiastically - for the return of "the big boss" and whatever revenge ensues. for some of us, the highlight is seeing christopher jones after his self-imposed exile from films; he remains a commanding film presence. and yes, with christopher jones, larry bishop and richard pryor involved, this is the "wild in the streets" reunion party!
this movie is based on the art of frank frazetta, the mythical fantasy illustrator. some of the characters are straight out of his paintings (the death dealer being the best example). surprisingly, the animation manages to keep the feeling of the original art. bakshi is well known for his heavy use of rotoscope (the technique of tracing a live action sequence) and this film is no exception. however, since the subject of the movie is quite realistic (all characters are humans), this works pretty well. but what i really like here is the plot: for once we have a story with interesting characters and nice action sequences, a really hideous villain and a gorgeous babe. this movie has the feeling of the best conan comics, not surprisingly since roy thomas is the writer of the marvel series of our favourite cimmerian! this is a far cry from the crappy live action conan, not to speak of all the b-movie of the genre. definitely recommended!
and a made for tv movie too, this movie was good. the acting in it and the plot was just so great. this one of the only movies i've seen that i felt warped my mind because after seeing it i was afraid of reaper coming to kill me through my computer screen. there were just a few minor things wrong with this movie, but it's very easily over looked. antonio sabbato jr did an excellent role in this movie along with janine turner and robert wagner. this movie just has so much suspense and it made me wanting more because i never thought a low budget tv movie could be so powerful. after viewing this i read the novel this movie was based on (four times) and it too kicked was great. if you ever see this movie come on tv, i'd watch it. the effects in this movie were pretty well done, i honestly don't know what a live calcifying human would look like but with the way the fx team did this movie i was impressed and all it shows is that all these bad made for tv movies out there with low budgets shouldn't suck so bad. watch it. it's really good, no really, it is!
it's such a shame that because of it's title this film will be avoided by people who hate football. bend it like beckham is much more than a cheesy sports flick. the story line is touching and intelligent without being soppy, the jokes were laugh out loud funny, and the characters are well acted. parminder nagra and keira knightley are brilliant as teenagers jess and jules, putting in great performances both on and off the pitch. anupam kher is wonderful as jess' worried father, and jonathan rhys-meyers, who was so amazingly evil in 'ride with the devil,' comes across so well as the nice guy for once, making full use of his gorgeous irish accent! even if you don't like football, go see this film. if anything it'll make you smile.
for a film that's ostensibly about sex and leather, it doesn't have any right to be as oddly sweet as it is. the story of bettie page, a good christian girl from the south who's momma wouldn't let her date until she married, who moved to new york and ended up becoming the most successful pin-up of her age, is driven by an outstanding performance from gretchen moll. her page can't quite reconcile the pictures that she takes (nobody's allowed to touch, it's all fun and respectful) with the pornography trials and supposed ill-effects that her images have on the world around her. page has been an inspiration to every burlesque artist since, not just because she had a figure to die for, but because she invested every picture with an innocent sense of fun that was uniquely sexy and simple at the same time. rather like this film, in fact. filmde in both black and white and glorious technicolour, it's a lovely way to spend a couple of hours.
in today's world of digital fabrication, there is no computer than can replace the actor and writer. alas, this type of "character driven" film is far too rare these days. duvall's performance as well as james earl jones are faithful to their audience's high expectations. i wonder if this movie was made for tv? it has a "close-up" personal quality to the narrative. it is an understatement to say that the performances are all outstanding. the only thing that keeps it from being a cinema masterpiece is the lack of a great cinematographer, but pretty pictures are not everything. how can talent the likes of jones and duvall continue to produce such fine work in an age where actors pose for the digitizing?
the play bell, book, and candle was a favorite of mature actresses to do in summer stock and take on the road. one famous story, told by director harold j. kennedy, has ginger rogers insisting that her then husband, william marshall, who was not an actor, costar with her. marshall wore a toupee, and when he walked through a doorway, his toupee caught on a nail and stayed behind, dangling in the doorway as he walked on stage. the play was adapted successfully into a beautiful color film starring kim novak, james stewart, jack lemmon, elsa lanchester, hermoine gingold, ernie kovacs, and janice rule. it's light entertainment, about a normal-appearing family of witches (novak, lemmon, and lanchester) and the publisher (stewart) who lives in their building. the most expert of them is the sultry, soft-voiced gillian, who would love to be normal. one night, with stewart in her apartment, she puts a spell on him using her siamese cat, pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. "bell book and candle" was filmed on a charming set that replicates new york. the movie is loads of fun. jack lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as gillian's brother, a musician in the witch and warlock-laden zodiac club. he uses his powers to turn streetlights on and off and to turn on the occasional woman. janice rule is perfect as the snobby ex-college rival of gillian, now dating stewart, and ernie kovacs has a great turn as an eccentric who is writing the definitive book on witches. lanchester and gingold, of course, are always wonderful, lanchester gillian's daft aunt and gingold as a sort of queen of witchcraft. kim novak is a good fit for gillian, giving the character a detachment befitting a witch, showing emotion when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, fabulous face, and magnificent wardrobe, she certainly is magical. stewart, in his last foray as a romantic lead, costars with novak as he did in vertigo, and they make an effective team. he supplies the warmth, she supplies the coolness, and somehow, together they spark. in this, of course, he's much more elegant than in "vertigo." a charming film, good for a sunday afternoon, good around christmas (as part of it takes place at christmastime), and great if you feel like smiling.
a priest who has abandoned his ministry meets a young man who has just been ordained. this movie is about the cruel dilemma between a life dedicated to god and faith and a life of more earthly pleasures. in post war france it is also about the mortal aspect of faith itself. this may not be the movie of a lifetime but it is a sin to have allowed it to fall in oblivion. besides, pierre fresnay is sublime.
many people have commented that this movie was nowhere near as good as the first. well, maybe it isn't - to you. however, how does your child react to it? well, mine loved it more than the first. disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids. (for example - bambi's mother getting shot.) this movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings. if you want to be snobby about what should be disney's standards based on the past - skip this movie. if you have a sweet little girl or soft-hearted little boy you really want to please, buy this movie and treat your small children. this film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares. i'm happy with a movie that pleases my kid & doesn't need to impress the parents all the time.
the version i saw of this film was the blockbuster rental with a similar title, but a swear word in it. this film was funny as hell. it was also true to the bone. if you have ever spent time in hollywood or the area around it, you will understand the humor. if not, you may not 'get it' at all. the story of two people in the business struggling to make it until they finally reach a breaking point, it is a rare gem. it states it is a drama, but it is a drama as much as deer hunter is a comedy. loren dean is wonderful, as always, as a supporting actor. jamie kennedy was able to hold his own well. his performance is especically impressive during the poodle scene. the only downside was carmen electra but we can't have everything.
of all the versions of the odyssey (or of any greek mythological story for that matter), this in my opinion is the best of them all. almost true to the original storyline - with some minor deviations and omissions, e.g. the absence of scylla & charybdis and the fact that eumaeus the swineherd recognizes odysseus in disguise in his hut - realistic acting and authentic scenery and costumes all contribute to make this a truly memorable masterpiece,not some hollywoodish sword-and-sandal b-flick. notwithstanding the fact that the dialogue and subtitles are completely in italian, if one is familiar with the storyline, he can still make heads and tails of what is going on and what the actors are saying (provided you have a good handy text of the odyssey at hand). at least i did, and so much so that it has inspired me to study the italian language to better appreciate the movie even more.
sterling and younger brother try to survive on land, being squeezed by big cattlemen. when 'rogue' brother preston arrives, a moral dilemma ensues. john 'drew' barrymore steals the show as the younger, impressionable brother-barrymore shows signs here that he could have been an acting powerhouse. moves at a nice pace to an exciting climax.
idiotic hack crooks, a babe, a safe, a plan and a baby. add them all up and you get the best comedy you've never heard of. even with some a-list star power (at least a-minus...okay, b-plus?) this movie got very little publicity. but that does not diminish its genius. terrific writing, solid delivery and a believable group of characters. some truly classic lines, and a fun twist at the end. this is not some watered-down "nutty professor" comedy. these are low-life bad guys. they speak low-life bad guy language and they do low-life bad guy things. but they do it for your amusement and entertainment, and they do that well. one of the best comedies i've ever seen.
kurt russell's chameleon-like performance, coupled with john carpenter's flawless filmmaking, makes this one, without a doubt, one of the finest boob-tube bios ever aired. it holds up, too: the emotional foundation is strong enough that it'll never age; carpenter has preserved for posterity the power and ultimate poignancy of the life of the one and only king of rock and roll. (i'd been a borderline elvis fan most of my life, but it wasn't until i saw this mind-blowingly moving movie that i looked beyond the image at the man himself. it was quite a revelation.) elvis remains one of the top ten made-for-tv movies of all time.
anyone who has experienced the terrors of divorce will empathize with this indie film's protagonist, a scared little boy who believes a zombie is hiding in his closet. is jake (a mesmerizing anthony demarco) simply "transferring" the trauma of two bickering parents to an understandable image? or could the creature be real? writer/director shelli ryan neatly balances both possibilities and keeps the audience guessing. her choice of using one setting - a suburban house - adds to the feeling of desperation and claustrophobia. brooke bloom and peter sean bridgers are highly convincing as the angry, but loving parents. however it is the creepy minor characters, mrs. bender(barbara gruen), an unhinged babysitter and sam stone (ben bode), a sleazy real estate agent that linger in the mind. jake's closet is a darkly inspired portrait of childhood as a special kind of hell.
the danes character finally let's buddy have the awful truth. ""leave me alone, kiss men if you want to," she screams self-righteously in front of everyone, thus destroying the man who has been in love with her for so long. nice girl. this might be the place to reconsider all of the giggly charm that danes pours into this character. great reason to feel sympathy for her lying in bed and dying, but hey, remember, there are no mistakes, except, maybe, seeing this film. wait a minute. this irony is intended! this is actually a masterpiece of ironic wit, yes! but somehow i doubt that's what the creators of this film had in mind, sadly. maybe there are a few mistakes, after all.
yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work. i thought the movie was ok...nothing really outstanding...i just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life. ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion. no...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. after all, who will drive the brand new suv and who will go to law school? ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? i hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.
"all the world's a stage and its people actors in it"--or something like that. who the hell said that theatre stopped at the orchestra pit--or even at the theatre door? why is not the audience participants in the theatrical experience, including the story itself? this film was a grand experiment that said: "hey! the story is you and it needs more than your attention, it needs your active participation". "sometimes we bring the story to you, sometimes you have to go to the story." alas no one listened, but that does not mean it should not have been said.
there are few really hilarious films about science fiction but this one will knock your sox off. the lead martian's jack nicholson take-off is side-splitting. the plot has a very clever twist that has be seen to be enjoyed. this is a movie with heart and excellent acting by all. make some popcorn and have a great evening.
as anyone old enough knows, south africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. one of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was steve biko, who was murdered in jail. following the murder, reporter donald woods sought to get biko's message out to the world. in "cry freedom", woods (kevin kline) befriends biko (denzel washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. when woods attempts to spread biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. the last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters. as one of two movies (along with "a world apart") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, "cry freedom" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved.
before i watched this tv movie i did not know much about one of my favorite actresses. after watching it, i realized how sad lucille ball's life really was. it had it's great moments too, but i didn't realize how sad it was. this movie was very good and told the story of the beloved lucille ball very well. i highly reccommend it.
this movie is brilliant. the comments made before is from someone who obviously doesn't get it. the movie is campy- yes! but it is uplifting and fun. this movie is an underground hit and brings comparisons to absolutely fabulous. it is a must see!
possible spoiler - in some way "how to alienate friends...." is the "loser learns to adjust, becomes successful and finds out that something else matter more" type of story, situated in the celebrity business. - end of spoiler i don't know the original book but this comedy delivers several good moments. though i do think the ending is flawed. it felt too fast and too abrupt, as if something was missing. besides i'd say the movie isn't able to keep a high level. apart from this you'll find a sweet selection of actors and actresses with sometimes controversial acting qualities. until now i've never seen pegg any different. still he is a very unique type though on the screen he sometimes might seem a little more tedious than necessary. fox proved she is capable to play a hot starlet with her head in the clouds. don't know whether it was a hard thing to do, but her performance was hot and way better than during "transformers" (okay... probably that's no tough match). kirsten dunst is very much kirsten dunst (again) and you may like it (as i do) or find it annoying. on the other hand you'll see anderson who proved her acting skills and jeff bridges (who is fine but perhaps he could have acted a little more powerful). they all fit their character well enough. conclusion: i think it's a nice celeb comedy with some more and some less funny passages, a sweet cast but an all too sudden ending.
valliant effort to use a mining catastrophe as a vehicle to pronounce this director's distaste for war. the audience not only learns a great deal about early mining rescue procedures but, we learn that europeans at the interval between wwi and wwii, had concerning pacifists(for lack of a better term). the speeches given by both representatives of each country at the end of the film, are inspiring given the time. although the revised edition, through the transfer technology of early foreign films, "cuts-off characters heads" at times, this film holds it's own in many different aspects. character analysis, lighting techniques, historical content and a scenario that has tested and inspired many a writer and filmmaker. pabst went on to direct and put to screen weil & brecht's "three penny opera", starring the original star, lotte lenya.
best animated movie ever made. this film explores not only the vast world of modern animation with absolutely boggling effects, but the branches of the human mind, soul, and philosophy. the story features a family of cats, where in the big sister dies, the younger brother sees this and rescues her body, but when she awakens she is left without a soul. so, the two sibling cats embark on a journey to find it. i have related this journey to many things. the history of the world, the bible, the cycle of life, and every time i watch it i discover more and more hidden themes and metaphors. if you aren't so into the physiological aspect of it then, you will still adore it. the animation is superb, and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen. for example, the ocean freezing in time, god eating soup out of the earth, a strange and slightly snm retelling of hansel and gretel. to conclude, cat soup is an absolute treat for anyone. ps- not for kids, gratuitous violence included.
now either you like mr carrey's humour or you don't. me, myself and irene had audiences both walking out in droves and, on the other hand, cheering and collapsing in puddles of mirth. bruce almighty is a bit more mainstream, but you have been warned. if you're not sure, watch the trailer. i saw the trailer three times and still laughed at the same gags when i saw the film. if you don't find the sight of a dog putting the seat down after using the loo funny, don't bother with the movie. carrey, a reporter stuck in a rut covering 'lighter news' berates god when the whole of his life seems to be going to pot. god takes up the challenge and asks carrey if he can do better. carrey gets into the swing of having all of god's powers by making his girlfriend (jennifer aniston)'s breasts bigger, getting himself promoted, and answering everyone's prayers by single stroke computer commands. this is not a highbrow movie or even that memorable, but it is very well made within it's very limited intent, provides almost continuous laughs to carrey fans, and even any religious cheesiness is likely to be inoffensive to all but the most narrow-minded god-squadders and anti-god-squadders. on the more thoughtful level, the film tempts us to speculate about carrey's own career - stuck in his 'comedy' typecasting he has largely failed to make an impression as a serious actor even after winning two golden globes. his most accomplished 'straight' role, the man on the moon, is less well known that his comedy romps - or the truman show (on which the academy heaped three nominations whilst bypassing carrey).
well i do disagreed with the other comment posted. piedras is much much better them magnolia or any of the other films that were mentioned. specially about non real characters, i think that someone just wrote that only because he never lived in the spanish society like i did (and i'm not spanish), is a very real film with real characters, very well done by one of the best spanish actress antonia san juan. about be a european film in contrast with an american film, well we different societies, personally i dislike american modern films a lot (i like the classics and some of the andy american films but they are very few). is a film about the continuous constitution of a person, liked or not we all make mistakes but some can learn about the mistakes.
i enjoyed this movie and i had very low expectation due to all the negative reviews i read before going. i went because i was curious as to what all this fuss was about because some of the postings were so angry with this movie and with the koreans. oh and it's from korea which has put out some of my favorite movies. i liked host but not my absolute favorite. some of my favorite sci-fi /fantasy movies so you can have a sense of my taste: mirrormask, stardust, serenity, gattaca, willow, matrix, resident evil series, lotr, stargate, dark city. it wasn't confusing like everyone said and the monsters looked good and the battles great. there are some holes in the story but didn't really matter. i sort of tune out stuff like that and stopped asking why long time ago when i see summer blockbusters. the korean legend was interesting, the reincarnation stuff was different, and i thought the main characters suspiciously dressed like korean actors in other shows. ethan's(behr)hair looked so asian. yes, it could be better and i hope in the future that korea, with its unusual quirky sense of life, intense emotions, and unexpected humor, can bring some diversity to the blockbuster genre. maybe a combination of host and dragon wars in the future?
if you want to learn something about the spanish civil war and about all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you, you've chosen the wrong film. this is a vision of the war as it happened in majorca, a small island off the coast of spain. when a war like this happens in a small island that takes position for the traitor almost at once, there is no war in the open. the soldiers are sent to the front to fight, in the mainland, while another kind of war happens at home, on the small island. there, neighbours tell on other neighbours, sometimes because their political views are contrary to the new regime, but many people are told on because of old family fights, or maybe the silent introvert who has no friends is told on by someone who wants to "earn some points". and these things don't happen in the open. there were some trials, true, but many other times people would just be woken up in the middle of the night, taken out of their homes to the closest cemetery where they would be killed. and the next morning the bodies would be found, and people would have an idea of what had happened, but nobody would dare to speak or to do anything. we're not talking about soldiers killing someone they had never seen in their life. we're talking about people killing their neighbours, and probably saying hello to their widow the next day, and even attending the funeral for the guy they had killed. we're talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everybody knew everybody. i am from that small island and i've heard the stories my grandparents told me, and i must say that this film upset me, oh yes, it did; but i also found it remarkably beautiful and moving. the initial violence is not something the director or the writer made up, that's how things happened during that war. a kid knowing that his mate's dad is in the fascist squad that killed his dad? completely possible. all that happened later on? possible too. tb was real too. at that time my island was not the holiday resort it has become. people were poor, illiterate, and worked in small farms. after the war there were times of hardship. so, you won't find a war story in this film, or at least not the kind of war story you expect. there are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. this is the meanest kind of war, which happens when the space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbours fight with their neighbours, when members of the same family fight each other, and they live in a place where everybody knows everybody. you'll find a story about the damage that this particular kind of war can cause to people and the story of how they survive that damage, or maybe they don't. i must mention the excellent work done by the writers who adapted the novel and by all the actors, who managed to sound really majorcan. that was remarkable.
highly recommended!! a well written, funny film which will appeal to everyone out there with a sense of humour!!!. give it a go, it's good to see an independent british movie more than holding it's own against the big established studios!! definitely worth adding to any film collection. there are scenes in this film that i'm sure a lot of people will be able to relate to. you will laugh out loud at the antics and enjoy the great soundtrack. i especially enjoyed the orb's version of jimmy cliff's vietnam and the tower of london's take on freebird. go on give it a go............ you won't be disappointed.
i just saw this recently, after an interval of nearly forty years. it holds up well, especially lionel bart's outstanding songs. ("who will buy" with it's magical counterpoint, just one of many standouts.) i disagree with the other post that decried its g rating. the ratings system, brand new at the time, never intended the g (general) rating to mean "completely devoid of conflict". characterizing it as unsuitable for kids reminds me of the description i once saw of the wizard of oz: a girl arrives in a strange land and kills the first person she encounters. she then goes on a road trip with three male companions and kills again.
this is a great film. from reading other reviews, i can see that i'm not the only one who shed a tear. tamilyn tomita acted with such skill and conviction, she made the ending heartfelt and memorable. in the hands of a lesser actress, her last scene would have seemed trite and corny. one would never guess this film was done on a tight, limited budget. the cinematography is gorgeous and there are a number of big name actors. the script is so wonderful, i can see why they all wanted to be in it. if you watch the long, long list of credits at the end, you'll see that half of hawaii pitched in to make this film happen, and for good reason. the soundtrack (available on cd) is absolutely beautiful and sets the mood throughout the film. my only "complaint" is that i almost didn't want the film to end.
this is one of the first and best columbos, starring robert culp and ray milland. robert culp appeared on another columbo, as did several other villains, including patrick mcgoohan, william shatner, and jack cassidy. ray milland also made a later appearance. in this one, ray milland is convinced his beautiful wife, played by patricia crowley, is having an affair, so he hires culp to investigate. culp has a blackmailing business on the side, so he gives milland a fake report and threatens crowley with the real one if she doesn't pay up. they get into a huge fight in culp's home, and she winds up murdered. enter columbo. culp does everything he can to get columbo off the case, including offering him a job, but columbo is on to him from the beginning. excellent episode.
this movie is far better than the original the jerk. i would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor. we have incorporated almost as many lines from this movie into our daytime discourse as we have from monty python. the card game with the hobos and then with mr. suicide. the scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup. the original the jerk was too choreographed ans staged. while i like steve martin, he seemed like he was trying to hard. the jerk too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone. the jerk too is family friendly unlike the original the jerk.
sunday would not be sunday without an action movie, and when you want intense combat, you turn to tom berenger (platoon). here he plays a sniper in the jungle going after rebels and drug lords. life's a bitch, so he gets a green office type (billy zane) to help on the mission. the film is in the hands of luis llosa, who stunk up anaconda. he doesn't do much better here, but berenger makes the movie worthwhile. sure, it may be a little long - who wants to see a lot of walking through the jungle, but is is good, tense action when the time is right.
well let me just say something about these actors, they really were a good decision, and from experience, having actors really brings the dialogue to life. if you walk into this even fifteen minutes late, you'll be in for a shock, the movie will have already began. you don't want to miss the first few jokes, assuming you came to not miss any jokes. wow! i have never seen a movie that ended with such a final ending. not to be harsh, i mean i loved it, but it just surprised me that it really kept going until it stopped! but i'm getting ahead of myself, lets start with the very start of it, when it began. the plot outline goes like this, there is this man, and not to give away any spoilers, (*spoiler alert!!*) (he hasn't had any sex ever(!) they use this plot device to set the story moving, and there are (intentionally or not, it could go either way) some funny situations had by the main characters, some containing irony, and jokes, and awkward situations, you know. the director uses the advancements in technology by combining the film shot on the set and scripted dialog, some music, and jokes to make a funny movie, designed as a comedy, where he takes us on a journey from the opening credits to the end with an entirely full movie in between. i went into this movie expecting to see a funny comedy because of what i already knew about it, and left feeling as though i had just left a theater that just played a funny comedy. ten stars!!!
i just came back from the late-night cinema and it was indeed a silent way out as most of the audience pondered though the real-life black & white images of the partition,the freedom movement,etc which was very much reminiscent of the lives' our forefathers faced! amidst this backdrop,mind you,there was no tel/fax/internet in those times but for the very voice of truth & non-violence, the cinematography infused some spirit of stark reality of adversity amidst the strict raj. gandhi shown as a hardworking attorney in south africa,who stood for his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread awareness of the same with humility and sainthood which to the uttered speech of general smut was shown as a nice farewell on screen.it had the best drafted speech with a subtle humour & a veiled threat to the british raj in india!there was a nice remark when he said we pray in silence to the british in india now that gandhi,the politician is set for india(towards sainthood). the very backdrop of a big family with many kids needs the mention of an obvious divided attention and love which had to cast it's spell on the unfortunate kid's psyche who was left alone to aspire for unrealistic ambitions.little did harilal knew about his aptitude and he gets emotionally carried away with small pleasures in life and fails in front of the huge idol of his father.he tries to do away from mentor-ship which is the basis of any success which had to be seen by those fortunate neighbours in the streets of gandhi's residence when harilal vents out his frustration in open.this means he becomes mentally weak and gets psychologically deranged to an extent that he is forced into religious conversions and alcoholism ,with debt and dis-obedience fuelling his negative thoughts.he still had shown the sincere love for his mother through touchy scenes and even gandhi's humble expressions form harilal to forgive him didn't meet any conclusions in his mind as he always feared the father,gandhi. he couldn't digest the fact that gandhi couldn't share his love with him as he expected & was driven to rebellion when he couldn't understand the equal-merit based delivery of scholarship money by his father to his cousin where he saw a failed opportunity to study for barrister in england. this had to take it's toll in him thrown to the streets as a beggar when the whole of india was celebrating the indepedence!the life of a destitute never changes come what may but the manner in which the sad death of kasturba & gandhi himself is shown brings in an emotional silence.finally the last turbulent thoughts of the dying harilal is shown as a flashback to keep the audience gripping and wondering where did the father of the nation go wrong? was he clever enough to be mentally strong to lead an-one man army & use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show to the british & rival forces that when it comes to the interest of the nation,nothing comes in between.sadly though that to read a mahatma's heart one has to live outside his family and see which the emotionally naive harilal couldn't see living inside.... a pity that such naive harilal's are still ruining the efforts of many mahatma-like fathers in many families in todays' life and have taken to drugs,alcoholism and god knows what thoughts!!here's a message to all those brave sainik(soldier)-sons please respect the father of the nation!please obey and happiness shall be bestowed or else it's a disaster in waiting,isn't it?
christina raines plays a lovely model in new york who seeks out a new apartment and begins to meet strange neighbors and reveal a secret about the building and herself slowly building up to quite a climax by film's end. this film has all kinds of neat plot elements from the roman catholic church vs. the devil, to the gateway to hell, to bizarre rituals, to a growing conspiracy, and finally to a host of talented famous actors and actresses flooding the film. we get ava gardner, burgess meredith, chris sarandon, jerry orbach, deborah raffin, arthur kennedy, jose ferrer, slyvia miles, beverly deangelo, eli wallach, martin balsam, christopher walkin, william hickey, tom berenger, jeff goldblum, and who can forget john carradine as the old priest. many of these actors ham it up - particularly burgess meredith giving a fine comic/demented performance as one of the neighbors with a little bird and a cat. meredith is memorable as is balsam and chris sarandon. some of the performers have virtually nothing to do like jose ferrer in a thankless role even if it is nothing more than a cameo. the sentinel is a fine horror film with plenty of psychological elements and some truly terrifying scenes. the end scene is repulsive and yet chilling. i do find fault with some of the gratuitous sex and violence in the film, particularly that whole scene with deangelo and miles. was that really necessary? i think not. also, the father/daughter stuff was a bit much as well, but overall the film works and has a winning pace. director michael winner does a workmanlike job and is effective creating tension and scary movie moments. the scenes with carradine are particularly effective.
"full house," in my opinion, is an absolute abc classic! i'm not sure if i've never seen every episode, but i still enjoyed it. one of my favorite episodes is where jesse (john stamos) and rebecca (lori loughlin) get married. if you want to know how what made it so funny, you'd have to have seen it for yourself. it was a two-parter, so you'd have to have seen both parts. another one of my favorite episodes is where jesse, stephanie (jodie sweetin), and michelle (mary kate & ashley olsen) get locked in a gas station on michelle's birthday. you'd also have to have seen it for yourself if you want to know how and why that happened. i have many other ones that i like, too. everyone always gave a good performance, the production design was spectacular, the costumes were well-designed, and the writing was always very strong. in conclusion, even though it can be seen in syndication now, i strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good.
i love paul mccartney. he is, in my oppinion, the greatest of all time. i could not, however, afford a ticket to his concert at the tacoma dome during the back in the u.s. tour. i was upset to say the least. then i found this dvd. it was almost as good as being there. paul is still the man and i will enjoy this for years to come. i do have one complaint. i would of like to hear all of hey jude. also paul is not dead. the single greatest concert dvd ever. ***** out of *****.
an excellent series, masterfully acted and directed, but unloved (i am told) by mr deighton and withdrawn by him after a single presentation. it is now only viewable in private collections, and via the british film institute at special request. very unfortunate, as ian holm's nuanced portrayal of the weary-but-determined bernard samson is superb; one of his very best performances. the supporting cast, including the young amanda donohoe and hugh fraser, are superb. with mel martin playing the conflicted and traitorous wife, and michael degen as the mercurial werner, the story positively simmers with the tragic and fateful personal consequences of the great game.
i have a six month old baby at home and time to time she fights sleep really bad. one morning she was having a particular difficult time getting to sleep when the doodle bops theme song came on t.v. she stopped crying almost instantly, and for the rest of the show was content. i sat her in her bouncy seat and watched her kick her legs, swing her arms, and actually laugh at this show. the kept her entertained and happy the entire time. i also got a video of them so that at times when my little one is flustered i have something to calm her. granted, late at night if she awakes with colic to fuss the doodle bops are not her cup of tea, but they sure do come in handy when i need a little time to do housework,etc. the biggest surprise about the doodle bops is that my child doesn't even like watching t.v. she'd rather be in the floor playing with a toy or with our small toy poodle than watch t.v. yet, the doodle bops have totally captured her attention. i don't know if she will continue to like them in the future but for now she's attached.
i saw this movie in the theater, and was thoroughly impressed by it. then again, that was when claire danes was a good actress, not the foolish, arrogant, hollywood-ized bitch she is today. anyway, this film really struck me as one of the more raw, realistic, beautiful friendship films. how far would you really go for your best friend? i was moved to tears at the end, and still tear up when i watch it now (i own it). i remember as soon as i left the theater, i called my best friend and sobbed to her how much i loved her. this is a great film to watch with your best girlfriend. however be prepared for the almost certain conversation afterward where she turns to you and asks if you'd do something like that for her....
this film, i thought, was the great journey that forrest gump should have been. it's a rare treat to watch a cable movie in the middle of the day and come across a foreign film that is done so well. this film is very well acted, and i strongly suggest it to anyone who can take sub-titles.
a wonderful film, filled with great understated performance and sharp, intelligent dialogue. what really distinguishes the film, however, is that undercurrent of sadness throughout. the story is underscored by affairs, loneliness, suicide, disappointment, the fear of losing ones job in a world where that had disastrous consequences. most of all it was set in a world that no longer existed, having been ripped apart by the beginning of world war ii. in fact, the film is barely a comedy at all if you compare the percentage of serious scenes to the comic scenes. yet funny it is--listen to margaret sullivan's harsh dismissal of jimmy stewart and watch his pained expression as he replies that her comments were a remarkable blend "of poetry and meanness". it's funny, pointed, and sad all at once. a remarkable achievement and one of the ten greatest screen comedies ever made.
... this isn't the first time stanley blurred the distinction between genres to such great effect, either. in dr. strangelove you had a comedy about a horrific situation, and here the basis is a terrifying scenario which actually yields some very funny moments. slow-burning madness and attempting to kill one's family isn't hilarious of course, but the dialogue is very knowing ("five months of peace is just what i want... ") and there is a terrific drinking scene which would be riotous if you included just one type of spirit, but is spine-chilling when you factor in the other. i disagree with those who say that the hotel has a negligible effect on jack torrance in the filmed version. the cues nicholson provides the audience as an actor merely hint at the potential for madness, which is only reinforced when we learn that the head of the family has struggled with alcoholism and is emotionally distant from his wife and son. the environment that he is in, however, then absorbs those personality defects and unleashes them upon his consciousness. in much the same way as buildings are sometimes thought to soak up events that happen there, the hotel feeds on the frailties of a troubled but sane man, and uses his weaknesses against him to eventually take him beyond the point of no return. he may have dormant flaws in his personality before he arrives, but to me the overlook itself is the trigger that sets them off. kubrick's cold and detached approach to directing works splendidly for a chilly horror film, and the unpredictable force of nature that is jack nicholson teeters all the time between making you giggle and scaring the wits out of you. when he explodes, you won't be sure how far he can go. together they made a great team and with a blend of their talents gave us a classic. if you want a great viewing experience, then this is an example that well and truly shines...
this is the best version (so far) that you will see and the most true to the bronte work. dalton is a little tough to imagine as rochester who jane eyre declared "not handsome". but his acting overcomes this and zelah clark, pretty as she is, is also a complete and believable jane eyre. this production is a lengthy watch but well worth it. nearly direct quotes from the book are in the script and if you want the very first true 'romance' in literature, this is the way to see it. i own every copy of this movie and have read and re-read the original. the filming may seem a little dated now but there will never be another like this.
superb. i had initially thought that given amrita pritam's communist leanings and dr dwivedi's nationalist leanings film will be more frank than novel but when i read the novel i was surprised to find that it was reverse. kudos to marita pritam for not being pseudo-sec and to dr dwivedi to be objective. this movie touches a sensitive topic in a sensitive way. casualty of any war are women as some poet said and this movie personifies it. it is also a sad commentary on hindu psyche as they can't stand up against kidnappers of their girls or the hindu brother who can only burn the fields of his tormentor. on the other hand it also shows economic angles behind partition or in fact why girls were kidnapped in the first place. i think kidnappers thought that by kidnapping girls they will become legal owners of the houses and thus new govt. will not be able to ask them to return the houses. this apart one has to salute the courage of characters of puro and her bhabhi they are two simple village girls unmindful of outside world and risk everytihng by trying to come back after being dishonored . because there are many documented cases when such women were not accepted by their families in india. no wonder that it required a woman to understand the pains of other women.
ronald colman plays a famous broadway actor who has begun to lose his mind and sense of identity. after years of playing a wide range of parts, he can't remember who he exactly is--who are his roles and who is the self. and, much more serious, he begins to see and hear his play even in regular everyday life. so, since he's currently playing in "othello", he begins to act jealous and suspicious--just like the title character. ultimately, it leads him to the depths of insanity and murder. i saw this film years ago and liked it. i just saw it again and loved it. now perhaps some of my enthusiasm is because i have always liked ronald colman and this is a great triumph for him--and for which he earned the best actor oscar. and, looking at the competition that year (gregory peck for gentleman's agreement, john garfield for body and soul, william powell for life with father and michael redgrave for mourning becomes electra), i think colman was a very good choice, as he stretched from his usual comfort zone and did a much more demanding role. now i noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated shakespeare--and this took up about half their review talking about their dislike for him. however, this film isn't really about shakespeare, and it doesn't matter at all if you dislike shakespeare. i am no huge fan of shakespeare, but marveled at the small portions of the play that colman re-enacted--though, as i said, this is not a really movie about shakespeare. instead, it's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality. it could have been any play, though "othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene--which gets acted out for real later in the film. overall, a very clever film due to a lovely script--with some overtones of film noir. fortunately, the acting was terrific also, as colman had excellent support from signe hasso, shelly winters and edmond o'brien (who was particularly good--he played his part just right). and, considering the great george cukor was directing, it's no wonder it's a wonderful film from start to finish.
i really do not know what people have against this film, but it's definitely one of my favourites. it's not preachy, it's not anchored by it's moral, it shouldn't be controversial. it's just god. any possible god, no matter the religion. and it's really funny. jim carry plays bruce nolan, a tv reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news, desperate to prove himself (more or less to himself) that he can be taken seriously and do a good job in an anchor job. this drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend grace (jennifer aniston) away. when the final straws are executed, he's quick to not laugh, but yell in the face of god, who in turn gives bruce his powers. bruce then makes his life better for himself, until he's guilted into helping others, where he then continues to miss the point of his powers. meanwhile, his constant excitement about his own life makes him more selfish, leaving his relationship on dangerous ground. ok, that was kinda long. but as a plot, it works well. the step-by-step fashion in which we meet the challenges of being god is much better than clustering his problems together, and is able to hide itself fairly well. as you probably know from hearing about this movie in the first place, carrey's pitch-perfect acting stays in character (which, luckily enough, is him), and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by scene. whether they would admit it or not, the role was written or rewritten exclusively for carrey. without him, the humour would turn flat, as humour is half execution. and the humour is very good in the first place. but without carrey, it would kinda feel like a it's a wonderful life wannabe. jennifer aniston is great and, no matter what some may say, does not act like the only excuse for the third act. at least, you don't think that when you see her. she gives a heartfelt performance and makes you forget you're watching a movie, she and carrey feel very much like a real couple. the movie feels ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), has a very nice feeling, tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called slapped together just to save carrey's career (which wasn't goin' anywhere.).
i grew up with this as my all-time favorite film. the special effects are incredible for the era, and won awards. i can remember the dialogue as if i'd heard it yesterday. it is simply a great, timeless adventure. the music is by miklos rosza, who is cinema history's best. sabu is the thief. conrad veidt is the grand villain. i have a copy within reach, for the next trip down memory lane. whoa there! rex ingram wants out of his genii bottle!
this film captured my heart from the very beginning, when hearing quincy jones' first notes or seeing the wonderful color of purple of the flowers in the meadows. this is truly a film to cry and die for...! the whole cast gives the best performance in a film i've seen in years and spielberg has really outdone himself! whoppi goldberg, margaret avery, oprah winfrey(oh lord!), danny glover, and the others, all give us their best and you can feel it - almost touch it! goldberg is celie, she gives her that insecurity and feeling of inferiority that is needed for the character, and we grow with her, we grow strong together with her, throughout the movie, and we triumph with her. margaret avery is wonderful as shug avery, even when she's at her most arrogant, and shows us that "sinners", indeed, "have souls too". the always sympathetic, charming danny glover makes a marvellous job at making people hate him and the magnificent music of(i'd say sir)quincy jones adds even more beauty to this splendid film! the photography, the music, the director and the music makes this beautiful, soulful movie into an experience of life. you don't want to miss it! "sista'...remember my name..."
i have to mention two failures for you to understand that this movie brilliantly succeeded where they failed: "a scanner darkly" and "immortel ad vitam". if you were excited by the concepts of these two movies and felt woefully disappointed (like me), you will probably enjoy renaissance. it immerses you into the world of a future paris. it is not quite dystopian. they did the animation so well that i thought it was rotoscoped, but from what i can tell, it was not, it was merely motion capture. the facial expressions are amazing! not since tron have i seen a fantasy world so well displayed in an animation/live hybrid. the black and white medium is used to slowly direct your attention to the subject of the scene; my favorite effect was what they did with headlight beams, watch for it. the director plays with your attention and confusion but you are satisfied eventually by finding the thread that he wants you to find. the overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises. the plot is secondary, but it isn't terrible. it is noir-ish. there is a backstory for most of the major characters giving them some depth. there is weather. there are "sets" so you can feel like you are in different places in paris. there is some action, and even a car chase. i am going to have to see this one again to get everything. i also recommend a very large screen to view it as the "sets" are detailed and the credits are small.
this movie is amazing! while being funny and entertaining, it is also profoundly deep and eye-opening. i will watch it again and again. bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life. he has a job and a life, but it isn't what he thinks it will take to bring him happiness. bruce is bitter, unsatisfied, and resentful that his life isn't the way he envisions it should be. as a result of this state of mind, bruce ends up losing his job and blaming god for everything that he thinks is wrong with his life. god comes to bruce and grants him godly powers. bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted. his life is finally exactly what he envisioned it would take to make him happy.....with one exception. in the process of gaining everything, he loses the one person who truly loved him. as the movie unfolds, bruce learns that the real change that needed to occur in his life was not the circumstances, but his perception of what was truly there. this movie was inspirational and deep. if you really pay attention, it forces you to look at your life with a deeply humbling respect for the fact that a lot of the time we are so much more blessed than we recognize. as my wife says, "since when does anybody know what it takes to make them happy?" and my humble addition, "may we not lose ourselves and those who matter while we try to find out."
a young cat tries to steal back his brothers soul from death but only gets half of it and then has to go adventuring to get the other half... or maybe not. frankly i'm not sure what happens in this film which is full of very strange, very surreal images some of which parents might find disturbing, (ie.the cats slicing off part of a pig who is traveling with them and the frying it like bacon which all three eat). this is a very strange film that some have likened to hello kitty on acid, i think its more like hello kitty as done by dali. (certainly this is more alive than destino which was directly based on his work). if your up for a very off beat film that will challenge your perceptions of things then see this movie. just be ready for some very strange images that will be burned into your memory forever.
i'm one of those people who'd crawl a mile through broken glass to see a hal hartley film. from trust and iris to henry fool and (my hartley favorite) no such thing, hal's unique brand of movies are an acquired taste. infusing equal parts mystery/espionage with wispy comedy seems to be his forte. the comedy isn't in your face necessarily, and often runs throughout an entire scene before coming to fruition. and that's the case with fay grim, the sequel to henry fool. parker posey stars as fay grim, abandoned wife of henry fool and mother to henry's only son ned. fay lives a quiet life until she comes home one day to find a cia agent in her kitchen. his name is fulbright (jeff goldblum, man of the year) and he wants henry's notebooks. there are many henry fool notebooks and they were all previously believed to contain nothing but mad wanderings. apparently there's much more to them. secrets weapons research or paths to terrorists? who knows but henry. agent fulbright tells fay that her husband is dead but this is quickly surmised as a ruse to get fay out of her home and searching for henry (and it works ...but not the way they think). fay battles multiple spy rings to gather henry's notebooks and to seek him out. she also makes a deal with the cia to get her brother simon (james urbaniak) out of prison (he'd helped henry escape the country in the original henry fool film.) multiple overlapping events occur in rapid succession: spy rings shoot each other to death, henry is discovered being held in "safety" by a jihadist, fay frees her brother but unknowingly risks her son's life, and the cia gets its comeuppance for putting fay in danger. hal hartley obviously loves to play with themes. and he does so to the extreme here. even character names (grim, fool, fulbright, fogg) have implicit meanings of their own that are quite funny. the over-the-top espionage films of ol' are given plenty of screen time, too, as guns blaze in stop-motion sequences, never striking our heroine even though she's right in the line of fire. now that i've heaped praise on this creation, i will say that parker posey's excessive portrayal of fay grim isn't the best part of the film, which is a shame considering how much time she's on-screen. i realize this was probably what mr. hartley wanted: an uncurbed woman with hand gestures to the italian extreme. but it was still painful to watch at times. even so, fans will probably devour fay grim and beg for more. though this wasn't my favorite hal hartley film, i know i'm ready.
one thing i always liked about robert ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. there are so many twists and turns in this film that i have a sore neck from watching. one thing i also like about director john dahl (kill me again, rounders, unforgettable) is that he can be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother rick) a good story. now, add nick cage, dennis hopper, lara flynn boyle, and j.t. walsh to the cast and you have a story that will keep your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. dahl seems to bring out the best in folks, and this will keep you interested, and guessing, until the very end.
the surprise nominee of this year's best animated feature race at the oscars. it's an irish film by heart, but it was co-produced by belgium and brazil, with, i'm guessing, animators working in all three countries. the product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory. the character design is a little reminiscent of the french animated film persepolis from a couple of years back, with very simple characters with thick, black outlines. this film is not in black and white. oh no. what makes this film great is its use of color, simply some of the most outrageous and startling use of colors i've ever seen. the general design of the pictures is also a lot more geometrical, with characters who are basically rectangles or ovals. much of the film can be spent playing find the circle - a major aspect of the visual design is a circle in the center of the image. all of these geometrical designs have a purpose - the story is about a young boy who is learning to be an artist working on illuminated manuscripts (the book of kells is a real illuminated bible; the art of the film is based on the drawings in it). the story of the film isn't especially deep, but it's a pretty good fantasy tale. brendan is a young boy in kells, a city surrounded by enormous walls, built by his uncle to keep out vikings. a newcomer to kells, brother aiden, inspires brendan to take up illustrating. he also inspires him to do things like leave kells and explore the nearby forest, within which lives a nymph. bruno coulais provides a fantastic score, almost as good as the one he did for coraline, which i consider the very best of the year.
